Fun fact if you have protanopia colorblindness you can't read the bars.
there is nothing cool about this guide
Not cool at all
Why is there such a huge difference between Palestinian injured compared to Israeli?
The entire comment section attacking op for simply showing data with no added bias or political opinion
The war is being fought between the _Isreali government_ and the _Hamas_.

Who loses? The _civilians_.

All I will say is that the existence of Hamas wasn't unprompted.
I wish there was a way to stop all wars....
Fuck Hamas, but also free Palestine.
This conflict is not even remotely close to being ‘equal’
Great One. That shows the scale of the conflict really well. I think this is the product of just droping bombs and missles at Gaza whenever something happened.

Edit: 
Let us hope this war ends quickly and the people find solutions to establish peace. This almost annually madness must end.
The total known history of the people/government/religions of Palestine/Israel is a long and complex one. The region has been inhabited by humans for thousands of years, and has been ruled by many different empires and kingdoms over the centuries.

The earliest known inhabitants of Palestine were the Canaanites, a Semitic-speaking people who lived in the region from around 3000 BC to 1200 BC. The Canaanites were polytheistic and worshipped a variety of gods and goddesses.

Around 1200 BC, the Israelites, another Semitic-speaking people, began to migrate to Palestine. The Israelites were monotheistic and worshipped a single God, Yahweh. The Israelites eventually established a kingdom in Palestine, which was divided into two kingdoms, Israel and Judah, in the 10th century BC.

The Israelites were conquered by the Assyrians in the 8th century BC and by the Babylonians in the 6th century BC. The Babylonians destroyed the First Temple in Jerusalem and exiled the Israelites to Babylon.

In 539 BC, the Persians conquered Babylon and allowed the Israelites to return to Jerusalem and rebuild the Temple. The Israelites lived under Persian rule until the 4th century BC, when they were conquered by the Greeks.

In the 2nd century BC, the Israelites rebelled against Greek rule and established the Hasmonean kingdom. The Hasmonean kingdom lasted for over 100 years, but it was eventually conquered by the Romans in 63 BC.

The Romans ruled Palestine for over 400 years. During this time, Jesus Christ was born and crucified in Jerusalem. Christianity spread rapidly throughout the Roman Empire, and Palestine became a holy land for Christians.

In the 4th century AD, the Roman Empire adopted Christianity as its official religion. The Byzantine Empire, which succeeded the Roman Empire in the East, continued to rule Palestine until the 7th century AD, when it was conquered by the Arabs.

The Arabs brought Islam to Palestine, and the region soon became a Muslim majority region. The Arabs ruled Palestine for over 1000 years. During this time, Jerusalem became a holy land for Muslims.

In the 11th century AD, the Crusaders, a Christian army from Europe, invaded Palestine and conquered Jerusalem. The Crusaders ruled Palestine for nearly 100 years, but they were eventually defeated by the Muslims in the 12th century AD.

In the 16th century AD, Palestine was conquered by the Ottoman Empire. The Ottomans ruled Palestine for over 400 years. During this time, the Jewish population of Palestine began to grow.

In the late 19th century AD, the Zionist movement began to advocate for the establishment of a Jewish homeland in Palestine. The Zionist movement gained momentum in the early 20th century, following the persecution of Jews in Europe.

In 1917, the British government issued the Balfour Declaration, which expressed support for the establishment of a Jewish national home in Palestine.

After the First World War, the Ottoman Empire collapsed and Palestine came under British rule. The British government allowed Jews to immigrate to Palestine, but this led to tensions with the Arab population.

In 1947, the United Nations adopted a plan to partition Palestine into two states, one Jewish and one Arab. The Jewish community accepted the plan, but the Arab community rejected it.

On May 14, 1948, the day after the British Mandate over Palestine ended, the State of Israel was declared. This led to the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, in which Israel defeated neighboring Arab countries.

The war resulted in the displacement of hundreds of thousands of Palestinians, who became refugees. Israel also captured territory beyond the borders that had been allotted to it under the UN partition plan.

The 1948 war was followed by a series of other wars and conflicts between Israel and its Arab neighbors. The conflict has also been marked by violence between Israelis and Palestinians, including suicide bombings, rocket attacks, and military incursions.

Today, the Israeli–Palestinian conflict remains unresolved. The State of Israel controls most of the territory of Palestine, with the exception of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. The West Bank is under Israeli occupation, and the Gaza Strip is controlled by the Palestinian militant group Hamas.

The Palestinian people are divided between those who live in the State of Israel, those who live in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, and those who live in exile. The Palestinian people aspire to establish their own independent state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, with East Jerusalem as its capital.

The Israeli–Palestinian conflict is a complex one, with deep-rooted historical and religious dimensions. It is a conflict that has caused immense suffering on both sides. There is no easy solution to the conflict, but it is important to continue to work towards a peaceful resolution.

edit: Yes it was provided by Google Bard, which uses its own AI and own search engine totally separate from Bing or OpenAI, and it’s better than each one. Go ahead and fact check it, let’s work together and get the entire origin story through today all posted together here. Feel free to fill in any missing gaps or correct any erroneous details.
Wow the Isrealies have killed a TON of civilians
If the Palestinian's had the military Israel does then Israel would be long gone.
I assume that this doesn't even include deaths caused by medical shipments blocked by Israel's blockade.
Yet Israel is the “victim”

More like Israel buys our shit from Boeing, Northrop Grumman, and Raytheon and congress wants to keep selling them shit and keep the money pumping

US is literally the merchant of death in the middle east. Americans are blind to the evil and atrocities our government commits. Israel is not an ally, Israel is our dog fighting in the ring and were the sick fuck egging the dog on
It's not a conflict. It's an occupation.
neither cool nor a guide
It would be very different without the iron dome.
As long as ideology is taught over common sense there will always be new bodies to throw at the fire.
How is this cool?
Can’t justify SS type massacres of families, women and children.
Body count does not prove who is right or wrong, only who is stronger.
Yep. Hamas feeds off the misery of the Gazan people.
[deleted]
One perpetrator stands out
You're lost.
Same as this map
https://www.reddit.com/r/MapPorn/comments/172zf1l/the_fake_map_and_the_real_one/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=android_app&utm_name=androidcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=1
It’s kind of irrelevant as it shows the outcome but with no context or how.
And they thought it would be a good idea to head into Israel
Almost as cool as the isis wannabes..
hey hey why doesn't it go past 2020
If it’s only supposed to be measuring the human cost why did you separate them by nation?
I’m assuming these stats are from Palestinian sources of course
There some folks who still think both sides are equal. These numbers beg to differ
Poor Israel. America should really give them more billions to .. defend themselves.
some lives matter more than others to our leaders
This is like saying that Swine Flu in 2009 was never dangerous. It was plenty dangerous. More dangerous than COVID. But the measures we took to respond were effective, so the deaths were minimal.
This isn't a guide, it's an infographic
None of it is cool.
'injuries' lmao. This is such a biased chart. 

Also keep this in mind...Hamas/Palestinians are CONSTANTLY attacking Israel, a lot of it is intercepted by the iron dome.  Then, when they retaliate, Palestinians get more injuries. Why?  Because Israel is winning.  This graph literally is saying Palestine has a shit military, nothing more.
Funny how Russia invading Ukraine and committing war crimes is evil- (and it is) but when Israel do the same, they are ……the victims???

Fuck Putin and Netanyahu and all other fascists.

**Never** side with the oppressor/ Fascism/ apartheid/ ethnic cleansing or those that believe in a racial supremacist ideology, who view other people as sub humans.
The Israeli occupation is an extermination campaign.
**LOL OP u/Queer-Landlord**

If you lived in Palestine, you would be one of the first people to be raped and slaughtered as an LGBT person.
man the rationalization in this thread is something.
And somehow, the Palestinians are the baddies.
This data is interesting but it definitely doesn’t tell the full story.
1. This is a difference of technology and power, not intent. If Palestine could, they would absolutely seek to kill more Israelis, including civilians, women, and children as evidenced by the actions yesterday and the fact that the iron dome intercepts thousands of missiles a year launched at civilian targets indiscriminately. Difference of technology, not intent. If the iron dome fell the way Palestine would love it to, civilian casualties in Israel civilians would die by the thousands and Palestinians would celebrate. 

2. Palestine is incredibly population dense. There are over 2 million people crammed into the tiny 25 mile strip of Gaza alone making collateral damage nearly impossible to avoid. 

3. In spite of this, Israel door knocks, aka detonates non fatal blasts on the roof of military targets to allow civilians to leave, as well as terrorists, because their goal is not to kill civilians or even the terrorists necessarily, and they minimize enemy deaths even by doing this which severely disadvantages them. Now why are there civilians in military targets?

4. Because Hamas intentionally utilizes schools, hospitals, and residential buildings with normal people in them as launching pads for rockers in order to maXIMIZE civilian casualties and gain international sympathy and moral high ground claiming “it was just a hospital” when they actively launch missives from these sites. Hamas doesn’t care about saving its citizens lives, and in fact, wants more to die so that they can use them as brownie points with the international community.
stop waging wars maybe
Israeli government is no saint.

But Hamas needs to take ownership of the fact that they a) have failed rockets that routinely kill their own people, and b) that they set up terrorists in hospitals and schools intentionally.
So blocking rockets with iron dome is evil ? Haha so ud rather see hamas kill every Israeli? Its complicated,  usa supports Israel and iran supports Palestine,  unfortunately its a religious war that'll never end...they have to learn to live together.
Well Israel just got a blank check to demolish them. What a bunch of dumb fucks.
I heard through my palestinian friend that most of the casualty numbers are inflated at times to make it seem like it's worse that it is.

Also, apparently hamas has it's own acting crew where they go around acting as if the bomb is dropping on them and crying so the videos can be released online for international sympathy and attention.

Take it with a grain of salt but yeah this is from a palestinian friend of mine.
Yes, the conflict definitely started in 2008 when Israeli tech and policy decreased death rates greatly.

24,000 Israelis have died since 1948, around 40,000 Palestinians.

They could literally just stop launching rockets and now kidnapping toddlers apparently. Israel has 0 incentive for these wars and has taken peace treaties over and over.
This isn’t cool, or a guide, OP wtf
Israel hides it's citizens behind it's military, Palestine hides it's military behind it's citizens.

Thank you in advance for your downvotes.
What that infographic doesn't show is the attempted murder rate. Yesterday we got a very good example of what Israeli heavy-handedness is trying to hold back. It's pretty hard to back down when the other side wants to slaughter and rape you out of existence. Not just control you. Not just displace you. Outright genocide you.
Yeah so fucking cool. 🤦‍♂️
What happened in 2014?
Cool? Are you f*****g out of your mind!
Wonder what percentage are combatants and civilians? And why is death and injury taken as one number? Not taking anything away from a very serious and complicated situation but this is some bullshit stat.
All for absolutely nothing. For some dirt and sand soaked in the blood and bones of the innocent.
Like the left side!
Now do US/Iraq!
[deleted]
Has anyone heard about the iron dome system? Without it the number of killed and injured would have skyrocketed on the Israeli side (because gaza shoots missiles mostly on civilians). 
While Israel is building itself Gaza makes all efforts to destroy Israel instead of building themselves.
Not a guide but a chart
Clearly the "Swordfish" approach doesn't work in quelling violence.
Honestly I think people on here would say rebelling slaves and their masters  "both have blood on their hands" in a conflict that is "long and difficult to understand".
Yes, very "cool" guide showing how many people lost their lives in a horrific tragedy.
please link the report from the UN.

&#x200B;

putting "Source: UN" does not mean anything.
150,000 injuries inflicted vs 6000 from 2008-2022
 How is this cool? Or even a guide?
It seems that if the UN has these stats then they need to show it on reputable news sources….. But they won’t.
Wow, that's way less deaths and disappearances compared to the Mexico border with the US, impressive.
What happened In 2018?
Scoreboard

Numbers don’t mean shit in cases like this
If the Israelis laid down all their arms, what would happen? And, if the Palestinians did the same?
If you’re looking for some other rock solid stats take a look at China’s economic data…
Terrorists are firing gunpower, victims are firing missile
When 2023 ends and data will be added to this one, Palestinians will have a bigger bar but that won't tell that Hamas raped, captured, and held women captive. It won't tell that they started the terror attack. It won't tell that they killed people from more than 10 nationalities.
Lucky for us, yesterday we got to see how many murders Hamas would commit if given the chance. Yesterday Hamas murdered more people than have died on both sides combined in any single year prior according to your graph.
palestine does not want peace.
This a guide? Or Politics for Dummies?  PS: Body count isn’t a useful concept unless you define the context for each and every death.
Slowest genocide
1. This isn't cool.  
2. This isn't a guide.
I really really hope this isn’t a low key “innocent people (not just israeli’s by the way - some were freaking tourists from other countries with no dog in this fight) being killed (and not just killed, but raped and tortured) is justified due to the past”

I think it is unfortunately due to the OP’s bio saying “all Germans are Nazi’s”

Innocent people NEVER deserve to be killed. On either side, or anywhere for that matter. Bub.
This is why I say fuck Isreal
Wait but Palestinians are the terrorists, right?

Right???


Fuck Israel and fuck their genocide against the Palestinian people.
This is no guide
Yeah, that’s what happens when one side invests in defense and the other in offense.
If those terrorist had even a little brain to reinforce the teaching of their religion: Using civilians as meatshield or a camo-forest deserve a special place on hell
It’s just a guide designed to make it seem OK what happened to those women and children.
Maybe they should stop fucking with Israel
You know, using only the word UN as a source isn't really reliable. It holds the same weight as if I were to say 'source: trust me bro'
It is implicitly inaccurate if it doesn't say who caused the injuries or deaths. E.g., Palestinians used as human Sheilds or killed by misfired rockets by Hamas.
Kind of put into perspective why extremists like Hamas grew in that region. You reap what you sow
Wow maybe one side should stop starting shit if they keep getting their asses kicked
We support Israel , Hamas and terrorist organisations like it must be destroyed from every corner of the world
Isn’t it usually Hamas starts shit and then calls for a ceasefire when they get obliterated.
The chart is highly biased. The Israeli deaths would be far higher without the preemptive measures they've taken (fences, walls, checkpoints and particularly Iron Dome) over the years. Hamas doesn't try to protect its public. It uses them to protect itself.
Funny to put those next to each other, especially when the cost of living on the Palestine side being charged brutality by Hamas. 
Terror and Hamas are the enemy!
That is a lot of death for who’s got the best made up God
Picking up in 2008 is pretty convenient timing given that the barriers between the Palestinian Territories had been recently completed. The numbers would look pretty different if you included the blown up Israeli busses, pizza parlors and discos and the shot up women and schoolchildren throughout the ‘80s and ‘90s.
The fucked up thing about this statistic is that 2018 was actually just about protesting at the border and most injured people didn't go close to the fences. They were still shot. Some were killed including a medic.

There is a video of a soldier laughing while shooting a 9 year old kid.
It should be eye-opening for those that defend Israel and it's actions as a state is this conflict.

I can see why some would dislike the choosing of words in the title. But the guide fulfills it's informative purpose.
Too late, westerners are already whipping up a genocidal fury against all Palestinians

Israel and its supporters are a fucking disgrace. The double standard is such a fucking joke
Hurry let’s downplay the terrorism of the last 24 hrs by saying “both sides are bad”
12 years and only 5500 deaths just goes to shows Israel’s amazing restraint and accuracy at targeting military targets only. 

For instance the US killed more people than that in the first month after 9/11.
u/jharbiid people who have been oppressed have the right to fight back, if you think otherwise you need to get checked
What conflict, it’s an ethnic cleansing
Using numbers reported by Hamas, who intentionally builds their military ops centers in hospitals, schools, and apartment buildings so that any counter offensive risks collateral civilian casualties.
Post one where attempts for terror acts Israel vs Palestine i dare u
Can we get a graph showing percentage of land sequestered by Israel over that period as well?

This conflict is the most abusive use of public manipulation I've ever seen.
The fact that Israel is much better at defending itself than the Palestinians are does not mean that they are the immoral party. The underdog is not always right.
This is like saying cars aren’t dangerous after seat belts were invented. If Israel didn’t have the iron dome or a reactionary military this “guide” would show far different numbers. 

Where are the numbers on rocket sorties launched by Hamas into Israel over these years?
Man, this subreddit sucks ass. 700 Israeli dead in the recent hamas attack, and you lot are supporting Palestine.
This is an infographic, not a guide
This is a sad guide but it's worth making a distinction between civilian injuries and army casualties.
Irrelevant when one side literally parades dead bodies through the streets and uses hostages as human shields.
Unpleasant. Maybe the Palestinians should stop pointlessly attacking then.
Someone should take this off the internet. The most hot take and inaccurate numbers shown so far.  Not to mention statista is owned by a left media advertising company stroer media.
Facts are anti-Semitic . How dare you
Trying to justify the side that just mass murdered a peaceful hippie crowd is fucking stupid
That's not cool nor a guide
Damn that's crazy... still rooting for the side that dosnt have a clause in their constitution for killing every jew
Have you ever seen your child get raped then killed? Or tortured and their limbs broken? Have you seen your wife or mother raped then killed? Have you see your father be imprisoned then mysteriously disappearing? You have not. You can't feel the pain. Pain can reach a threshold where the only thing you can think of is revenge. Even if that revenge is inhuman. But you will never understand that harsh desire until your brother is humiliated by Isreali soldiers that "liked" to have fun by shooting him in the legs because why not. You're too previleged to understand that need. The most pain you went through is probably losing your parents to old age or getting bullied in school.
For those who wonder why more Palestinians die is because 90% die from rockets because hamas fires rockets from civilian areas In the hope that Israel will respond in an attempt to defend its civilians 

Basically, one side defends its civilians. The other uses them as meatshields
[deleted]
Imagine trying to karmawhore off this situation... this isn't a cool guide. Its just you trying to get karma
Truth hurts, don’t it
Clearly Israel is the victim.







/s.
Free fucking Palestine
All that blood is on Palestinian hands.  All that needs to happen for this conflict to end is for them to abandon their aims killing every Jew.
Gaza was the world biggest prison until they broke out the barriers yesterday. What else can they do than to fight their oppressors. No more apartheid. Neither in South Africa nor in Palestine
"unprovoked"
How accurate are the numbers? This looks like propoganda
Just showing the data is rather misleading. It is the same as me showing:
WW 2 death:
Japan:2.5m
US:400k
Germany:6.6m
UK:400k
France:517k
USSR:24m

From here the conclusion may easily be:
"Oh USSR suffered the most. But i dont get why the uk and france are comaining, they barely had any casualties compared to Germany."
Saying that all Palestinians are at fault for the actions of a terrorist group is genocidal rhetoric. Come downvote me, Israeli bots.
Every single death in war is directly caused by the side who started it. The side who wants constant war. The side who believes in death more than the other side who believes in life.
6k deaths over 12 years. USA averages 8k deaths a day, man for a conflict this thing has really not been a huge cost to human life. Sucks and is hell yes, but I thought it was gonna be a lot worse
Palestine is not a thing.  We need to stop pretending it deserves recognition.
Free Palestine
The UN counts tear gas exposure as an injury. This a misleading graph.
Please break this down by timeline, you just might find that Israel suffered first, then came the admittedly disproportionate response
Damn there are a lot of hamas apologists here
Israeli K/D ratio is straight bussin
Fuck Israel
Yet some will still try and portray the israelis as the victims rather then persecutors carrying out a genocide.
Hamas are not human!
All this because of fictional stories and outside intervention and meddling over the centuries.

Split it and coexist or fuck off. If WW3 starts because of religion Imma be pissed.
Could you do a guide about the ethnic cleaning of Jews in the Middle East as well? One about the unprovoked wars of genocide against Jews started by Arabs would also be good to have. 

Sam Harris have a good thought experiment: what would happen if either side had the ability to do what they want. We already know what the IDF would do because they are a stronger force: they would try to leave Palestine alone as much as possible. What would happen if Hamas had similar abilities: total genocide of Jews in the Levant. That's quite telling of the cultural differences where one side base their worldview of genocidal hatred with theological roots in scripture and the other is a liberal democracy.
Interesting how the UN doesn't include any data before 2008.  I guess showing the massive Israeli casualties from the first and second Intifadas would really hurt their "Israel is bad and all Palestinians are innocent" narrative
If the Palestinian deaths are sourced from Hamas, or otherwise include combatants it doesn't really mean much.
So much subtle pro Hamas propaganda on reddit. It's hysterical. Just come out and say you support what they did you cowards.
I get what Israel is trying to achieve, but the disproportionate response strategy is not working.  It is making more extremists. There is no solution. They will fight each other forever.
Are you suggesting the problem is that Palestinians aren’t good enough at killing Israelis?
This is neither cool nor a guide
Funny that the creator of this guide started after the intifada of the early 2000s where Palestinian terrorists were blowing themselves up on buses as a regular occurrence.  Your agenda is showing.
Yeah maybe don't describe a chart of people dying as cool?
So over 12 years those terrible Israelis have murdered...

5,590 Palestinians.

That's about an average month in Syria, perhaps a couple of months in Afghanistan.  I wonder how many Iranians have been put to death by the regime since the protests started.  Probably more than Palestinians killed by Israel in 12 years.

That's less than gunshot deaths in Chicago during the same time period.

I wonder how many Palestinians have been killed by Hamas during this time?  Probably more than the amount the Israelis have killed.  Especially the gay ones.  The Christians ain't doing too well either.

I guess this fits the narrative that Israel is the bad guy, so whatever, cool guide.

And anyone looking at this and saying Hamas is justified, the violence always originates with them.  To say that the Israelis have an obligation to let themselves be killed in equal numbers is ridiculous.
Maybe Palestine should like stop terrorizing their way more powerful enemy
Oh look more propaganda from terrorist scum.
I'm sorry, but what makes it 'cool'?
Absolutely nothing "cool" about this. All this proves who has more fire power. so much life lost...
What the fuck happened in 2018.
What happened in 2018?
Oh wow, it's almost as if the country with one of the biggest armies has killed more people than the country that uses rocks on tanks. 


Who knew?
This is faaaaaaaaar from true. On the Palestinian side ofc.
Israel is literally Modern naz! Germany and people don't even notice that :/
Ahh... so this explains why everyone is mad at Palestine right now.
Now let’s post a cool guide about volume of lethal munitions launched :)

All of the sudden it’s a lot less one sided, isn’t it?
Yes we have effective protections, iron dome alone saves tens of thousands of people easily, shabaq stopped thousands of terrror attacks..
Israel is just good at defense because it invests tons into it.
But this last attack cost us over 1k lives sadly.
Meet the monster you've created.
Considering Hamas sees its people as a tool to be used, while Israelis will trade 1 Israeli for 1,000 Hamas prisoners.
Let’s create a chart for conflicts initiated
Higher Palestinian casualties can be greatly attributed to the fact that hamas encourages civilian deaths by places military in densely populated areas knowing that higher civilian   deaths  in israeli retaliations  means more global support and pictures like this to have the upper hand against israel. It should also be  noted that israel has the miltary capability to kill all 600,000 civilians in gaza iin one day.  6000 deaths in the chart is 1% of what theyre capable of.  Wheras the 251,  (soon to be 2000+) israelis killed, represent 100% of the civilians palestine  has been capable of killing. As seen  this  weekend,  they will  kill every civlian they possibly can when given the opportunity. If Israel did not  protect its civilian, their death  toll  would be in the millions.  Stats like  this are utter propoganda without context just like so many things we see online.
Do a chart of why and when this conflict is happening.
[deleted]
Free Palestine
Looks like an Israeli life is worth a whole lot more than a Palestinian life, according to this chart
Holy shit. I do not care.
Looks like Israel know how to defend themselves alot better... you havent put on their how many palestinian deaths were caused by hamas forcing them to become terrorists...
i pray that the Palestinians will be redeemed and vindicated, may not be in the near future but hope it happens. except for the regular media, israel and its allies, the world know the truth and the people are one with the Palestinians.

cant wrap my heard around this one:

https://imeu.org/article/fact-check-msnbcs-palestinian-loss-of-land-map


there will be a day of reckoning for the oppressors and those who aid and tolerate oppression. so sad that in 2023, Palestinians are still in this situation, and despite the below, the world keep a blind eye:

https://www.amnesty.org/en/location/middle-east-and-north-africa/israel-and-occupied-palestinian-territories/report-israel-and-occupied-palestinian-territories/

"Israel’s continuing oppressive and discriminatory system of governing Palestinians in Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories (OPT) constituted a system of apartheid, and Israeli officials committed the crime of apartheid under international law. Israeli forces launched a three-day offensive on the occupied Gaza Strip in August during which they committed apparent war crimes. This compounded the impact of a 15-year ongoing Israeli blockade that amounts to illegal collective punishment and further fragments Palestinian territory. Israel escalated its crackdown on Palestinians’ freedom of association. It also imposed arbitrary restrictions on freedom of movement and closures that amounted to collective punishment, mainly in the northern West Bank, ostensibly in response to armed attacks by Palestinians on Israeli soldiers and settlers. The year saw a rise in the number of Palestinians unlawfully killed and seriously injured by Israeli forces during raids in the West Bank. Administrative detentions of Palestinians hit a 14-year high, and torture and other ill-treatment continued. Israeli forces demolished al-Araqib village in the Negev/Naqab for the 211th time. A further 35 Palestinian-Bedouin towns in Israel were still denied formal recognition and residents faced possible forcible transfer..."

Worthy to consider the concept in the Paradox of Tolerance by Karl Popper which applies squarely against the intolerant acts of Israel against Palestine.

"Less well known [than other paradoxes] is the paradox of tolerance: Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be destroyed, and tolerance with them.—In this formulation, I do not imply, for instance, that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion, suppression would certainly be most unwise. But we should claim the right to suppress them if necessary even by force; for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument, but begin by denouncing all argument; they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument, because it is deceptive, and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols. We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant. We should claim that any movement preaching intolerance places itself outside the law and we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal, in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder, or to kidnapping, or to the revival of the slave trade, as criminal."
Oh look, Palestine and Israel are in the news and everyone is arguing. Classic. Next week it'll be aliens and UFOs again. The week after it'll be housing again. Oh look, people are protesting in China and the news isn't reporting on the genocide. Look over here - aliens again. Oh wait, black friday is here! Look! Sales! And now it's Christmas. Oh look aliens again!

And around and around we go.

Oh crap, I forgot to sprinkle some Ukraine and Russia in there. Oh! And some climate change.
Ironic the supposed “holy land” is one of the most violent places in the world.

Tells you everything you need to know.
This is isn’t a conflict it’s a cruel, inhumane occupation
Religion sucks
The Gaza is a prison for 2 million that relies completely on foreign aid. West Bank is a larger reservation that has Israeli settlers continually taking their land. It is only a thin veneer of decency that keeps this from being an ethnic genocide like was done in Rwanda or to the American indigenous natives.
Hilariously one sided. Israel real is shit
Horrendously misleading. Hamas intentionally targets civilians, sacrifices their own people, and hides weapons batteries in civilian areas, all of which are prima facie violations of the international laws of war and of human rights. This is my field. I've worked in it for over 20 years.
It's so cool that if we understood that all the meanwhile Israel wants leave, Palestinians wants to kill all the Israeli
So the moral of the story is don't pick a fight with someone who is better at fighting.
Terrorists are bad. Terrorists that want to exterminate Jews are worse. 

People thinking that the extermination of any race is not cool.
religion being the ultimate executor of Darwinism, beautifully ironic
This is not a conflict among two equally culpable parties.  Apply the test we use  with Russia and Ukraine.  If the various Palestinian groups and their Iranian benefactors stopped fighting there would be no war.  If Israel stopped fighting there would be no Israel.  

Mass genocide - elimination of Israel and killing of all Jews in Muslim lands - is and has always been the stated policy of each of Hamas, PLA, Hezbollah and post-revolutionary Iran.   Guarantee of the physical security of its citizens - Arab, Jew or otherwise - within its borders is and has always been Israel’s stated policy, as well as the UN’s formula for peace since 1967.

Do 100% of Palestinians and Iranians support the aims of their popular governments?  Of course not.  Do some Israelis want land beyond internationally recognized borders in exchange for peace? Yes. Would a Palestinian state require ongoing international aid to remain viable? Probably.  Is any country morally obliged to support either side?  Morals are subjective. 

But make no mistake.  “Both sides are bad” is a propaganda tool of the side whose aim is genocide.
Israel is a terrorist state.
Now do WWII. More Germans were killed by Americans than Americans killed by Germans. Clearly the Germans were the moral side.
How many of the Palestinian deaths were from wearing bomb vests because they believe in dying for Allah?
Damn this seems really unbalanced
Free Palestine tbhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Egypt is the Best Guide for Palestinian People as Refugees of course.
Occupier Vs occupied
wow the israeli death toll was surpassed A LOT yesterday, something hamas didn't manage to do in over 12 years
The Israeli government for decades has said that the body count is not relevant and that disproportionate force is justified even if FAR more Palestinian civilians die than Israelis. Now that the body count is reversed (for now), Israelis are complaining that this retaliatory violence by Hamas is totally unjustified. Hypocrites.
Good thing the iron dome fucking *works*
Someone is yet to learn that their current technique isnt working and its simply causing more deaths.
Weird. Almost like one side has been systematically launching rockets, hiding behind human shields,  lthen crying foul when retaliation causes collateral damage
For those curious about how these numbers may differ without the Iron Dome, here's some food for thought:

I went through a list of rocket attacks on Israel in the last two decades and sort through every single numerical mention of the word "rocket" and documented how many rockets were fired at, or hit, Israel. I excluded information dated earlier than 2008 so it matches the graph shown in the original post.

Caveats:  
• I excluded all mentions and use of IEDs  
• I excluded mention of "small arms fire" or "light arms fire"  
• I excluded mensions of "missile/s"  
• I excluded the supreme majority of mentioned mortar attacks because most are listed as "numerous mortars" or "dozens of mortars". If the number of mortars were listed explicitly (e.g.- "13 mortars") than they were included. This was the minority of _listed_ incidents, but may or may not be the minority of _total_ mortars launched  
• If the number of rockets fired was mentioned as "multiple" or "several" or "numerous" but there was no verified number I only added **2** to the total count to lowball the end total value.  
• Seeing as some incidents were broken down into "intercepted by the Iron Dome" and "not intercepted" they were included in the count regardless of the outcome.  
• This number EXCLUDES any and all aggression against israel since 1 August 2023-Present. Therefore, it excludes the most recent thousands of claimed rocket launches that began the most recent conflict.  

That said, the number of rockets and mortars levied against Israel since 1 January 2008 is greater than  
##17,876  

More than 3 rockets and mortars were launched against Israel every single day for the past 15 years. 

For the American audience, that is three rockets launched into an area roughly the size of Vermont or Maryland every single day. That's 1/66 the size of Alaska and only about 13x bigger than Houston, Texas.

When you include incidents of small arms fire, IEDs, and other targeted attacks against Israeli civilians this list grows. When you include those same incidents of small arms fire, IEDs, and such against military targets this list grows yet again. Finally, when you include the  HAMAS-claimed number of rockets launched in this most recent attack that number grows by about 28% (however, the Israeli-claimed number of rockets launched at 2,200 in the most recent attack the number grows by about 12.3%)

Edit: Lol at the downvote, this list is a numerical representation for context alone. I am not advocating for the harming of the Palestinian or Israeli people in any capacity. I simply did not understand the scale of rocket attacks I've heard mention of most my life until I gathered the information myself. This is not a pro-Isreal or pro-Hamas post. It is just numbers and context for one of the many factors involved in the history of relations of the Middle East.
I don't believe that Palestine is justified in what it's doing, but it's understandable why they're pissed off.

Israel's treatment of Palestinians just gave rise to extremists~
this is so COOL, what a COOL guide
Respect to Israel, definitely not the bad guys in this situation
and in all those years Hamas ruled in Gaza. any corolation ?
Yes lies and more lies
You'd think it'd be significantly higher over the last 20 years.
Oh look, more propaganda.
Well it’s all because of the hamas
Israel #1
Both sides fucked around and found out IMO.
It is not a "cost", it is murder. Human lifes are not a currency
The minimum that's afforded under international law is defense by armed force against an occupation, which Israel is. Palestinians are attacked for just trying to get their houses back. Throwing stones is seen as too much by the rest of the world. It's absolutely horrendous.

Israel is an occupation. It's a colony. They don't even see Palestinians as humans. Any Israeli who comes from Europe or Brooklyn and moves into an occupied plot of land doesn't deserve the title of civilian and should go back to where he came from and reflect.
This is why you don't attack Israel. You'd think they'd learn.
What I get from this is that the Palestinians are really bad at war.
Everyone in here talking as if this is perfect context… this is a long conflict much longer than 2008. Also, show how many missiles each one sends. Paints a much different picture. Israel can shoot down things, Palestine can’t.
Doesn't look like a genocide to me.
Palestinians die on a regular basis, no media coverage, not spicy enough, people got tired of seeing them bleed, etc etc.

Israeli's die, OMGW! WAR COMMIN?! IS THIS IT FOR GAZA?! Terrorists. 

This war wasn't complicated at all. Y'all already chose a side and kept it concealed bc the things weren't looking good from Israeli PR standpoint.

One man's terrorists is another's freedom fighter 🇵🇸
Israel needs to be held responsible for mass murder.
So many Israel propaganda bots man
This guide is factual points out how Palestine has been targeted, killed, robbed, and why Hamas attacked.
If I was from Palestine I think I'd be trying to get my get back on Israel too based on the stats alone.
I care not either way because it has no effect on my day to day life.


Neither a single Palestinian or Israeli would give a SH*T if I got hit by a bus tomorrow.


I don't care.
Looks like Palestine need to stop messing with Israel.
Palestinians should stop committing terrorist acts, and they won't get hurt. They are uninvited guests in the land of Israel.
Well, Palestinian people keep fucking around and Israel keeps letting them find out. 

Of course Israel is going to kill and injure more people! They’re soooo much more technologically advanced compared to Hamas and any other group/country that attacks them. 

I’m rooting for Israel 🇮🇱
You're trying to normalize Arab terror against a sovereign nation by saying "look! But we die more than them!" and using that as an argument for morality or correctness.
Life lost on both sides sucks. Life is life. That being  said. Civilians in Palestine are fucked, Hamas are brutal terrorists condemning Palestinians to further death from retaliation. No country whoever they are will not sit back after 3000 rockets are fired at them and their citizens are brutally massacred. Sad for those who lost their lives and those who are about to. Sad for both sides.
No matter your side on the matter, this post feels like a way to implicitly communicate that there is a larger claim for a victim/underdog status for Palestine. This feels like propaganda.
Genocide licensed by European Union
Wauw only 5590 deaths in 12 years. That is les than deaths from crime in Chicago. It's time for Israël to take the gloves of and take some proper old testament revenge. Israel is way too civilized. The world is against them anyway, might ass well destroyed, Hamas and all that are defending them. Hide among civilians no reason to hold back anymore! 😡
Number of Palestinian women raped/murdered and paraded naked through the streets of Israel while crowds cheer and spit on the corpse: 0

Fuck off with your “cool guide”.
One is too big of number when calculating the innocent life.  Shame and pity.  Shame on religious hypocrites committing the evil acts in name of idol gods. Pity for mankind. God help us.
Maybe the terrorists shouldn't use civilians as human shields.  Either way, by raping women and executing children, they have brought whatever retaliation they receive upon themselves.  

I have no empathy for Palestine.  Let them be turned into a parking lot for all I care.  They can yell "Allahu Akbar" from the ashes of their homes and mosques.

Fucking around demands finding out.
r/worldnews and r/europe: I’m gonna pretend I did not see that
Thoughts on the Arabs conquering the Jews and running them out of their homeland in 638AD and remaining in power until 1948? How long do you have to have control of something to call it yours forever?
Don’t poke the hornet’s nest.
Would love to see this as a percentage of population as well.
Its called genocide
Genocide isn’t cool
yikes.... so who are the baddies?
Reddit doesn’t like to hear Israel bad. Bigots and hypocrites.
By this logic the Germans were the victims of WWII and the US were the evil aggressors. If you routinely start fights and you always lose them, the latter fact doesn't magically make the former vanish.
Think about the daily lives of slow human extinction that Israel government has waged for years . That is mind boggling . They need to stop. Israel has so much to offer the world but they are hated due to the misery they cause . Not cool . And pls Israelis attack me all you like , you know as human beings you need to stop hurting the Palestinians.
It's always funny to me when non-isrealis or non-jewish or non-palestineans, or non-muslims feel the need to give their "expert" opinion on a conflict that doesn't involve them.

Edit: Unless you are directly a part of the conflict, your feelings about it do not matter.
There would be no deaths if the pals would stop attacking.
With those numbers, one would think that palestians would know better and wouldnt start shooting and killing civilians if they want to survive...
Armed resistance is permitted under international law
The numbers are completely incorrect!
Actin like the victim
I wish it showed what percentage of them were women and kids. Israelis are known for targeting Palestinian kids and have over 1,500 kids locked up currently
Great job not mentioning how many of the people were militants and how many were civilians!!
Does this include suicicde bombers?
It's been like for 75year. Palestinians being killed massively, but Media and Europe/USA just care about Israeli. Like Palestinian don't exist...
Fun Fact.. now do one that includes the data of who initiated each individual clash!
Documented by the UN 🤡🤡🤡
Why keep randomly firing rockets into a country that hits back so much harder every time? No pro either country but this is the definition of stupidity
Dont worry guys, Palestine are definitely the monsters killing lots of civilians and we should all support Israel against this mass-murdering enemy
Looks like a long history of Israel exterminating Palestinians while them can hardly fight back. Who would have thought!
Free Palestine 🇵🇸
Perpetual killing.
This needs to be spread around more so people know who are the genocidal maniacs in that region
God speed OP
This guide should also show the percentage of civilians killed on each side..
It would be pretty low in the Palestinian casualties, and extremely high in the Israeli ones
The truth is that there is an obvious, undeniable, and hugely consequential moral difference between Israel and her enemies. The Israelis are surrounded by people who have explicitly genocidal intentions towards them. The charter of Hamas is explicitly genocidal. It looks forward to a time, based on Koranic prophesy, when the earth itself will cry out for Jewish blood, where the trees and the stones will say “O Muslim, there’s a Jew hiding behind me. Come and kill him.” This is a political document. We are talking about a government that was voted into power by a majority of Palestinians.

The discourse in the Muslim world about Jews is utterly shocking. Not only is there widespread Holocaust denial—there’s Holocaust denial that then asserts that we will do it for real if given the chance. The only thing more obnoxious than denying the Holocaust is to say that it should have happened; it didn’t happen, but if we get the chance, we will accomplish it. There are children’s shows in the Palestinian territories and elsewhere that teach five-year-olds about the glories of martyrdom and about the necessity of killing Jews.

And this gets to the heart of the moral difference between Israel and her enemies. And this is something I discussed in The End of Faith. To see this moral difference, you have to ask what each side would do if they had the power to do it.

What would the Jews do to the Palestinians if they could do anything they wanted? Well, we know the answer to that question, because they can do more or less anything they want. The Israeli army could kill everyone in Gaza tomorrow. So what does that mean? Well, it means that, when they drop a bomb on a beach and kill four Palestinian children, as happened last week, this is almost certainly an accident. They’re not targeting children. They could target as many children as they want. Every time a Palestinian child dies, Israel edges ever closer to becoming an international pariah. So the Israelis take great pains not to kill children and other noncombatants.

What do we know of the Palestinians? What would the Palestinians do to the Jews in Israel if the power imbalance were reversed? Well, they have told us what they would do. For some reason, Israel’s critics just don’t want to believe the worst about a group like Hamas, even when it declares the worst of itself. We’ve already had a Holocaust and several other genocides in the 20th century. People are capable of committing genocide. When they tell us they intend to commit genocide, we should listen. 

There is every reason to believe that the Palestinians would kill all the Jews in Israel if they could. Would every Palestinian support genocide? Of course not. But vast numbers of them—and of Muslims throughout the world—would. Needless to say, the Palestinians in general, not just Hamas, have a history of targeting innocent noncombatants in the most shocking ways possible. They’ve blown themselves up on buses and in restaurants. They’ve massacred teenagers. They’ve murdered Olympic athletes. They now shoot rockets indiscriminately into civilian areas. And again, the charter of their government in Gaza explicitly tells us that they want to annihilate the Jews—not just in Israel but everywhere.
The Palestinians propaganda never stops
My goodness, what an eye opener…?!
This is a shocking graph that clearly points out how desperate the Palestinians are to change things. Sticks against rifles yet thousands are willing to try to defeat their enemy and sacrifice entire towns full of civilians. The situation is hopeless so basically they are committing suicide.
Are you aware that there are a lot of Palestinians on israel side, they are victims of hamas as well.
Well one side has terrorists trying to exterminate the Jews that just did a terror attack on foreigners where they got killed, raped, tortured, kidnapped, and their bodies desecrated and paraded around while women children celebrated. The other side is defending themselves from this exact thing. Free Palestine is a terrorist fund!
Can I get a link to the data? I want to confirm sources.
you think the deaths of tens of thousands of people Is cool?
Good content, actually shows what's really happening there.

...but this post will get downloaded heavily by a zionists.
What now? Should Israel be sorry for having the means to PROTECT it's population? 
There's a reason for the security barriers and the iron dome system.
Still some folks think it's a good idea to attack and deal with the resulting retaliation
I wish i can show this to everyone to make them shut up, it's not a freakin conflict, it's a massacre that is not less than what's happening in Ukraine!

Clearly your media doesn't show you that.

Palestinian has every right to respond and defend themselves like Ukrainians are doing
Israel needs to stop being an apartheid state and occupying Palestinian land. They are the aggressors.
Context missing, Hamas and Palestine would kill every Israeli alive if they had the technology to do so, their lack of education and organization, as well as constant aggression explains the difference.
one side is investing billions into defence while the other only invests into attacking big fucking difrence bud
Religion is so dog shit
Anyone else look at this and think we need more dead Israelis to balance the scales
This is not a cool guide, this is propaganda following a barbaric massacre by Hamas.
Fuck Hamas & fuck Hamas terrorist state. :) May Israel prosper.
Higher Palestine totals is preferred. Somewhere close to 100%
Gotta love the media attention on this though. Israel is the best and just defending themselves and totally not trying to steal sovereign land from a rightful group of people based on the deluded musings of some Jewish dude on that burning bush a few thousand year ago
Way to defend the terrorists
That’s what Palestinians get for not cooperating with the raping from Israeli soldiers.
Would be great if HAMAS cared about life in general. They glorify these numbers because they worship death. HAMAS in Qatar needs to be destroyed and Gaza needs to be turned into glass.
Not even remotely cool and conveniently leaves out 2023. You should move to Gaza and look up.
Yea I mean.... thats what happens when you continually attack a country that has the "Iron Dome" defense system.
Would love to see a fertility rate curve on both the axis.
This year Israel will probably set a new high score.
cool cool cool

so dipshit lowlife bottom feeder subhuman terrorists still have to murder 5339 inocents. Super cool OP, thanks
Israel are the invasor here.
[deleted]
The sad takeaway from this chart is that it is safer to live in Palestine than in manh latin Amreican countries, none of which have been in a war durig the same period.
The iron dome works. Very cool indeed.
Hamas purposely fires rockets from schools and hospitals to increase collateral casualties.
Internet leftists are all for people reclaiming their historic lands until Israel does it, then it's bad. Hmmm... wonder what the difference is.
This is fake. This includes teenage terrorist as children
Cool Guide on how to spot an antisemitic OP
Because Israel actually cares about protecting the lives of their citizens.
Correlates to the number of civilians housed on top of military bunkers in each side.
This is some if the most misleading data. If you actually look at the data reported instead of seeing big red bars and going “SEE ISRAEL BAD” you would notice the vast difference in deaths and injuries. So why is that?

Well for one if you check the data you see that almost all these injuries and deaths are from the west bank and gaza where hamas operates. When they launch terrorist attacks against Israel and launch missiles Israel retaliates. Unfortunately those buildings that get attacked typically have innocent Palestinian civilians who get killed or injured.  However, israel attacks out of defense and retaliation and wouldn’t be flattening random buildings if they weren’t doing so to protect their own citizens. Considering hamas CHOOSES to setup their batteries and missiles in densely populated civilian areas is not the fault of Israel. If anything those deaths should be blamed on hamas and not on Israel
Its obvious that Israel are the bad guys. Palestine/Hamas has done literally nothing wrong. They just want their homelands back that were stolen from them by Israel.
Eliminate Hamas
We should stop using anything made by Israeli. Just like we did to other countries
Always how it goes. You hear about the few hundred innocents murdered by terrorists, then you hear nothing about the few thousand innocents murdered in retaliation
Smells like genocide. Wonder what smart people have to say? 

Oh shit it is genocide. 

The Genocide of the Palestinian People: An International Law ... https://ccrjustice.org/sites/default/files/attach/2016/10/Background%20on%20the%20term%20genocide%20in%20Israel%20Palestine%20Context.pdf
I always wondered why the media always put news on like it's over for Israel. Meanwhile Israel been doing this for years with much more casualties and there's hardly any news reported. Is it because Palestinian phone is destroyed before they could upload their videos?
Infographic.  You also might want to put on here who keeps starting shit.  Hint:  it isn’t Israel.
i'm against state-sanctioned apartheid perpetrated by occupiers but just because one side is better at killing the other side doesn't necessarily mean they're more evil
Hamas just out there using civilians as shields.
This is an attempt to make the kidnapping of women seem okay.
And let us not forget that \~95% of the entire area was PALESTINE until the 1940's when the west (US, UK, France and more) backed Israel to occupy more and more territory and take it as it's own.
Human shields have that effect I imagine.
Nice, now put the Israeli flag on your buildings.
If hamas didn't exist does this solve all the problems?
Any Palestinian fighters will be treated the same and be called terrorist because Palestine has no army .
What should they do the to not suffer from colonization.
Enjoy it?
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMj9HFQ2n/
I mean it's a guide to show the fuck around and find out coefficient
Good thing Trump claims it never would have happened under his watch...
And the media (BBC CNN)etc is calling the Palestinen the terrorist 

Hypocrisy has no end
Bullshit propaganda.
It’s out-of-date.
Yikes dude not the time.
OP seems to be driving an agenda, and it’s misguided and shameful
Israel is a terrorist state.
Everytime started by the Palestinians, now trying to copy Russia with a takeover
You’re such a POS. Cool guide my arse. What a pathetic dig when innocent civilians have been kidnapped, hundred murdered and thousands injured over these past two days. Whatever your political ideals, you’re placing this as a justification or to make some weak point when innocent people are hurting. What a sad little person you are.
Not cool
Israel uses rockets to protect their citizens.

Hamas uses their citizens to protect their rockets.
It’s because Hamas use civilians as human shields.
Looks like hammas' favorite passtime is f***ing around and finding out
Why do Palestinians keep committing suicide?
Oh shit the comments are thinking straight and not political at all
These facts are clearly antisemitic. /s
Here's a shocking statistic for you.
Police in America have killed or outright murdered over DOUBLE that in America during that time period.
And people still have trouble seeing who is evil one here….
People that support Israel would call the US founding fathers terrorists
The truth hurts, Israel is literally just committing genocide at this point with complete support from the UN
Fucking exactly. This is a direct 9/11 level consequence of the years and years of brutality.
Let’s not sugar coat the undeniable fact per multiple amnesty international and UN reports that Israel indiscriminately targets and kills children, journalists, and civilians. This is objective, quantifiable, empirical, and verifiable. There is no counter argument that warrants or justifies the killing of children.
Death to imperialists! May Palestine be free! Long live the popular front and Abu Ali!
C'mon, Israel, those are rookie numbers. There's no reason those Palestinian casualties can't be doubled in a month's time.

Triple it to celebrate Hanukkah.
Makes sense, terrorist usually hide behind their civilians.
Bold move by you OP, I'm sure everyone here will have a rational thought out response.
And how many are suicide bombs and collateral caused by that Vs actual intended casualties from a direct attack. It seems to me that these statistics need some context
Save Israel guys! Seriously shows what a hold they have on the west.
I wonder why the Israeli death count is so much lower? I wonder if it has anything to do with the barriers and bomb-shelters they put in place to prevent something like this.
 Just say you want more Jewish people killed
WHY DON’T YOU LOVE ZIONISM 😭🤬
There is a disparity because Israel is more powerful and has walls, bomb shelters, and missile defense systems to prevent something like this. The 600+ dead in a single day is a demonstration of what happens when those security measures falter. They have a right to do whatever it takes to stop something like this.
This doesn't take away the horrific thing that the hamas attacks were...
Hamas and the PLO are to blame here, nothing more.
Silly question, but can you point to any flaring up of tensions that weren't kicked off by a Palistinian terror attack on Israel? Like... one where Israel just started launching missiles into Gaza without provocation?
All this shows is Hamas has terrible aim
There’s about to be a whole lot of Palestinians added into this statistic. Thank Hamas, Y’all gonna need some boats before being driven into the god damn sea.
It's time to pump those numbers up.
This illustrates it perfectly
Fuck around and find out...
All these “what about “ post are disgusting. Terrorism should always be condemned, not measured against other attacks.
Omg but how could the Palestinians retaliate to this?
Stupid religion
I hope the good guys win 🇵🇸🇵🇸
Israel is a terrorist state
Kinda seems like they should stop provoking retaliation. If I kept sneaking up and sucker punching Conor McGregor, nobody should be surprised to see me in a wheelchair all the time.
I bet they don't show this in propaganda
It's a religious proxy war over a meaningless strip of land. This conflict would not exist in a secular Middle-East.
Religion summed up in one graphic
Rocks vs. rockets
From 2020-2008 there was no conflict, simple Israelis oppressing Arab Muslims and Christian’s, then a little resistance back
Should this excuse todays massacres or WTF?!
22 Palestinians to 1 Israeli death.  

Its such a tragic waste of life on both sides.
Yeah, cool
Using a relevant example from a few years ago there's a difference between saying "fuck it I'm saying it, America deserved 9/11" and the hypothetical claim no sane person would ever make that "the people who dies in those horrible attacks deserved it"

You push and push and push people when you're the stronger side by a mile without taking responsability you'll end up with drastic horrible responses. Civilians are always victims but as far as sides go there are no good guys in this conflict, Israel needs to get that through their thick heads and stop pretending to be saints
Stupid Americans: It's HAMAS, HAMAS, HAMAS.....
I was seriously baffled how the news was reporting; Palestinians on a powered parachute cause larger threat and how Israel will send out jets to establish air control.
Bout to get more lopsided. 😒
It's so one-sided and the media propaganda has been ridiculous.
I feel bad about 2014 :(
Israel always plays the victim though
Let’s not to try paint the Israelis in a bad light.
Because one side is worse at warfare. This ignores what each side would do if given more power. The Israelis would still avoid killing civilians as they have. Hamas would literally slaughter every civ they got their hands on as they have done so far and as they openly stated as their intentions.
Maybe don’t start a war you can’t win.
Hamas using children as a human shield. Gets young dumb white leftists every time!
There is no equivalence, and the appearance created by this guide is harmful and misleading.
When terrorists attack from residential buildings, hiding behind civilians, they have to be taken out. There's simply no way a civilization can countenance rocket fire into their population, even if civilians are by design in the way
One side does what they can to avoid civilian casualties.  The other goes out of their way to slit the throats of children on the streets and in their homes.  Propaganda post.
Well they don't consider Palestinians as people so that's why they say no civilians are killed.
I miss when this sub wasn't just a tool for political bullshit.
Finally, some actual data.
and still the US backs the wrong side ...
I'll never forget going on a 4 day riverboat trip with my buddy and 4 Israeli girls when I was 21. One night we got to talking about the conflict and I asked them what they thought the solution to the problem was. The one girl basically just said "There's not a solution. We just hate them, and are going to keep killing them." Pretty wild/sad/fucking insane.
This is what happens when Hamas uses human shields. These numbers make them happy.
Fuck round find out
2023 is going to break those numbers.
A guide that starts in 2008, which I assume is the first year of the conflict because otherwise it's a misleading use of data and no one on the internet would do that
Skill issue
Is this supposed to imply that Palestine is getting.. even? Like, ‘look guys! It’s still not equal!’
Looks like a skill issue
That’s enough cool guides for my life nice knowing y’all 🤢
Wouldn’t it be sick if people knew how to live in peace
 Nothing about this is cool.
What were these people injured by? It seems weird that the death rate is so low compared to the rate of injury. What is Israel doing in this conflict that is only causing injuries? Context here would help a lot.
What is this a cool guide to
A wee bit one sided.
ELI5 why is it so one sided?
damn no wonder the palestineans have so much hate
Awww, yes. A cool guide of a genocide.
To those people who said that the Palestinians deserved to be genocided, try to look at the chart with your two eyes. Israelis have been massacring the Palestinians for 70 years. After decades' worth of inhumanity shown by the Israelis, people are surprised that the Palestinians don't see the Jews as humans and would chant death to them and kill them on sight.
Okay, now go back further, and include the whole Arab world. I’ll wait.
looks like Palestine is getting ratiod L
I'm going to he'll for this buuuut. Ratio.
so who wants to post this to r/conservative?
Damn youd think theyd give up by now.
I just heard an Israeli on the radio here in Australia say that this attack from Hamas came out of nowhere and has really escalated things. So obtuse.
i want they dying to end on both ends. too many innocent people are dying. but truth matters - israel has been massacring palestine for YEARS. don’t forget.
LMAO 700 Israelis already dead, look for better sources
Can we conclude that , this is what happens when you try to annex a more powerful nation?
I don’t ever want to hear about Israel ‘defending itself’ with this disparity in casualties …fuck Apartheid Israel
Is this just a guide showing middle-eastern Jews killing Palestinians? Way to 180 that whole “oppression” shit
Because this is wrong
Why would Palestinr attack though?
Peak fuck around and find out
Hamas’ donations must be low.  They always pick a fight when that happens so they can parade some bodies around to line the top guys’ pockets as usual.
So Hamas inflicted more deaths recently than the last 15 or so years?

Yeah, I imagine Gaza won't exist for very much longer.
This seems lobsided.
Looking at this graph, I’d say one of two things will happen. Either Israel will win or Palestine will get a Pyrrhic victory.
And if you only include preventable deaths, i.e. the ones that would not have happened if you didn't support a terrorist government?
\>repeatedly kick a bear in the nuts

\>gets mauled

\>complains
Israel keeps the K:D ratio healthy af on their end
And people have the audacity to solely blame the Palestinians…the numbers don’t lie
I never heard any god said that land belong to any religion, 90% of people in power are the cause of wars!
Tell me again how Israel are the innocent victims of an unjust attack?
There is a genocide currently underway in Gaza. If you're reading this please act now. 2.5 million Palestinian non-military personnel, 50% of whom are children, are collectively being punished via genocide for the terrorist attacks that Hamas committed in central and southern israel this past weekend. Food, water, electricity, gas, are not allowed in. The aerial campaign of bombings has already laid waste to hospitals, UN schools, and red cross and UN aid workers have already died. These actions alll sanctioned by the Israeli goverment are already underway. It is 6 days in and now there is going to be a ground invasion. This is a campaign of mass starvation and genocide for which there is no escape for Gazans, whose only crossing out of the area has been bombed and rendered unusable. All the while, the Israeli government issues public statements of 24 hour evacuation warning for the 2.5 million Palestinian civilians to cover their asses but there is nowhere to go, and nobody in the history of humanity has successfully evacuated that many ppl in tht amount of time. Israel has also blockaded Gaza from air and sea, and threatened to bomb medical aid supplies coming in from Egypt.Peaceful protesters in the nearby West Bank are being murdered at by Israeli military. The Associated Press, The Guardian and other newspapers in the west fired journalists (jewish ones even) for speaking out about what is happening. The United States is fully funding this genocide campaign, as they did for 1million iraqi civilians in 2008, and protests are currently illegal nationwide in France, Germany, and the UK, where peaceful protesters have been arrested for saying "free palestine" and waving palestinian flags.Regardless of my thoughts on the history of the conflict, it is my responsibility to do what I can to prevent the nation that claims to represent the descendants of survivors of the worst documented genocide in human history, from committing a genocide of their own in Gaza. The deaths of innocent Israelis at the hands of Hamas cannot be used to justify the genocide of a 50% under15-aged population of 2.3 million innocent Palestinians in Gaza today. If you're reading this, please speak up now before it's too late. Our ancestors are watching us
Looks like the good guys are winning
Palestinian suicide speedrun
fucking vulgar villians Palestinians, how dare they attack the good guys who never did anything wrong!!!

any sympathy for Palestine is gone 💯💯
Isreal = good
Palestine = bad

Reddit for the win, our opinions are always so great !!
We gotta pump those numbers up. Lets go israel
Innocent civilians? are the people who settled on stolen Palestinian land innocent? everyone who settled is compelecent and is not innocent
Those are rookie numbers Israel, get those numbers up!
This is complete and utter bullshit
This is exactly why Hamas is fighting back. Israel has been killing Palestinians for years...what are they gonna do, kill them more?
Israel will not exist in less than 8 years
I stand with Israel
Cool? Dafuq is wrong with you.
Injury can be a grazed knee
I assume that the red lines are indicative of “aggressor”
For Americans trying to understand the Palestinian conflict, I think a worthwhile comparison is to Iraq. Occupation and state terrorism turned many people into militant extremists. The more bombs we dropped in Iraq, the more recruits came flooding into training camps.

There won’t be an end to the conflict until there is an end to the occupation.
Imagine if Israel didn't have the iron dome
Ok now show it from the 2000 retard
A cool guide on fucking around and finding out
Dismantle Israel and Middle East will be in peace
For along time.The English man created nation of Israel to control the Arabs.It’s a pony and dog show in Middle East.
I laugh mostly
Jesus Christ how do we keep killing this many humans???? This just keeps happening?! All the babies that grow up then get literally killed??! I am just heartbroken
"Proportional response"
State Sponsored Genocide/Terrorism
This is a nice visualization of Israel's two-eyes-and-a-finger for an eye approach.  Their leadership for decades has been proud that they respond with extreme and excess force, but that just escalates and perpetuates cycles of violence.
StOp DeFenDiNg ThE tErRoRiStS
It boggles the mind how Israel keeps getting away with playing the victim.
A people who have experienced an attempted genocide, attempting genocide. It's sickening.
So if Israel attacks Palestine that's ok by the west, but Palestine attacks Israel and it's an act of war.
The true face of religion.
But, morons say there is a genocide going on. Never heard of a genocide consisting of 5.6k deaths over a 12 year period.
Strange that the "OpPrEssEd" Israel seems to be doing just fine while the "oPpRessOr" Palestine is all red covered in blood. Sad that West won't do a single thing to stop Israeli terrorism against Palestine.
#Yo you forgot 2023 you diptshit there is a war going on rn my friends and their families have been killed most of the soldiers that have been killed are 18-21 I have to listen to their names all night on the news cause the casualties are so big. Include some actual data like 2022-2023 and death of soldiers should be different then deaths of civilians and death of terrorists
[deleted]
The fact that it only shows until 2020 proves it is biased. In the last day alone over 700 innocent Israelis have been slaughtered and over 150 have been kidnapped. This post is an attempt to distract from the human rights atrocity that is happening right now in israel.

There is no justification for going into innocent peoples homes and killing elderly, children, women and men indiscriminately.

There is no justification for kidnapping and raping. Let’s not distract from what is really happening right now.
What's the point of this other than to try and defend this weekends events?
The difference is the red on the left is… Aloooo Akbarrrrr!!!!
Someone should send this to the Palestinians.

May give them some pause.
Unfortunately they aren’t giving up yet.
There are lies, damned lies, and statistics
Fake
OY VEY, DELET THIS!!!
Majority of the Palestinian numbers are inaccurate and unconfirmed
Arabs aren’t humans
They treated them like dogs, and now the dog is biting back.
I had given up on the ideals of Zionism: a secular society with peaceful coexistence with their Arab neighbors. Bibi had killed those ideals. But Hamas rekindled my Zionism.
Israel is wiping out entire neighborhoods in retaliation.
The whole Middle East and it’s so beloved religions are the cause of 99% of the  worlds problems. If the whole middle eat sank  into the sea the world would be a much more  peaceful place.
GO BACK 80 YEARS AND SEE HOW MUCH THE PALESTINIAN SIDE RISES
I'm glad someone showed this statistics!!
Looking at a quick glance here, looks like Israeli is committing genocide against Palestine

Free Palestine
#FreePalestine🇵🇸
Free Palestine!

Just like Ghassan Kanafi said, there's no talk between the sword and the neck.
Seems like Israel are the bad guys
The moral of the story is don't fight with those much stronger than you because you will lose time and again.
Chill israel
Good old fascist proportional response.
yoo dude what the hell
These are from WW2 you said, OP?

Oh these are modern day
Wtf are these numbers even from
Cool as in ice cold.
The experts on what's right and wrong in an unimaginable situation conveniently live across the ocean from the problem, in countries that played a direct hand in the problem, and which go on a killing spree for money and oil on a ten-year basis.
And god forbid you retaliate, you should just accept that the 1st world chooses if your religion is right, if your country exists, and whether your efforts to fight back is bravery or terrorism.
War is a testimony to humankind’s lack of imagination
What a swaggalicious guide my man
In before this gets taken down
What happened before 2008?
Clearly this Palestinian aggression cannot be tolerated
More like un-cool guides
That’s the numbers when one side uses all its money on acquiring rockets, and the other on developing defense systems to protect its civilians. 
That’s the numbers when one side fire those rockets all-around-the-year from civilians buildings, using them as human shields, while the other side (trying to destroy their bases) ALWAYS “knock on the roof” before bombing, to make sure all civilians are out of the buildings. 
You should count the rockets fired from Gaza, counting casualties will give you false impression.
This is just data. Not knowledge or wisdom.  It would be good to know how much of that was offense/defense, unprovoked, friendly fire, and more. What about the number of attacks? What about failed attacks that a good defense system keeps one side safe?
Looks like one side is the aggressor right
"How many times do we have to keep teaching you this lesson, old man?"
Not Cool Israeli terrorists
What happened in 2018?
this doesn't show the amount of rockets each party sends each other, without iron dome there wouldn't be an Israel left
That’s terrible! Hopefully they can figure out a way to live peacefully
These numbers are about to be dwarfed.
Those "injuries" could still be debilitating. In-fact I bet most of them were caused with intent to maim.
Add all the lives on the left and all the lives on the right. That is the truth of what is happening. If you are looking at this as a comparison then I think you are missing the point. Until we can accept that in gods eyes we are all the equally valuable there will be no peace. ❤️
It’s hard to intercept a rocket of any kind which is why so much time and money went into Iron Dome/David’s Sling, and the idea that Israel is just carpet bombing whole blocks is as preposterous as it is stupid. We know it is because we know the IAF operates by ‘rook knocking’, where they drop a bomb set to explode on the roof to warn everyone they have ten minutes to get out of the building before they drop it. And they do this to civilian building because Hamas likes to store weapons and equipment in them so they can turn around and cry about it when the bomb hits
Can someone recommend an unbiased article or video on the history of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict?
Religion is a curse on this planet. As long as it divides, there will be suffering and deaths like these.
Great now do the same with “unprovoked and civilian casualties”
this is simple: nobody is the victim in this conflict. both sides indiscriminately kill the other. ftfy everyone.
Total waste of life. I’ll never understand that shit.
I wonder how many of the casualties are combatants. A dead terrorist isn't a victim.
This is Israel restrained.
This puts the recent actions, however horrible they are, in perspective. Hamas are monsters, but the Israeli state (I repeat, the state!! Not civilians) is the monster who created that monster
The fuck happened in 2014 and 2018?
🍉
Can someone explain the Palestinian injuries in 2018 and 2019? How do you injure 31K people but only kill 130? A million rubber bullets?
This is only what the UN knows. Anybody have facts about what percentage does NOT get reported to the UN about these figures?
2018 was a trailer bad year for the Palestinians
They're so much worse at it, you'd think they'd stop starting it.
This graphic is really not very informative though. Looking at the line for 2008, just for the Palestinian Dead/Wounded it says 3,202. Ok, but how many of those 3202 are dead? or was that even the total? Was that maybe just the number of wounded and you don't actually have the numbers of dead? Both sides of each line should have 3 numbers: The number that died, the number of wounded, and the total.

You say this is a cool guide, but I say it is an attempt to create a gut reaction rather than present useful information.
Skill issue
What happened in 2014 and 2018?
What a waste.  Dummies been at it for so many years.
The left side on its way off the page soon
 Now show 2023….
Guess which side has 500 jets and billions in aid from the US
Good remainder how one sided it is
FWIW, These numbers are 99.9% reported injuries, not deaths.
How do you possibly get 30k injuries with no deaths ?
The unwinnable, forever war.
guide to what?
What a poor k/d ratio.
It's interesting this only starts in 2008 which is right after the second intifada where Israel civillians were being blown up left and right on their way to school or work
Are we even allowed to comment/post on this without getting banned?
You'd have to be a psycho karma whore to type that title out.
Explains a lot
this is gonna age like whine.
Today, everyone and their granny are experts on Middle East issues.
Mostly hamas terrorists or civilians hamas terrorists used as a live shield. So Hamas is responsible for their death. Very sad for civilians but this terrorist organisation must be eliminated to save palestinian lives
r/lostredditors It would rather be r/dataisbeautiful, because it’s interesting data…
Both sides should be vanished and we should make it the ultimate Oceanside resort city.
Look at the numbers and you see who the victims are and who the aggressors are.
Israelis are slacking...
This really puts it into perspective, they had 3x more deaths in 2 days than over 12 years.
This is a situation where both sides are truly at fault, but the only thing I need to know in any individual engagement is "who attacked first?" and it was palestine in 2021 and it was palestine yesterday.
I mean there is a big heart popping up when I like some messed up shit on Instagram does this mean I advocate it? 

Yes the topic is not cool at all but what the guide tries to do is cool. Stop with your 5 year old kid logic. Reddit is a pit.
Nothing is cool about that and this conflict is far older than 2008, this is more than a century of Jews and Muslims refusing to live together peacefully.
“Initiatives, and so-called peaceful solutions and international conferences, are in contradiction to the principles of the Islamic Resistance Movement” -Article 13 of the Hamas charter.
There's no "good guys" side to this IMO
Wonder how much worse it would be if we took it back to the 1950s
Can some learned person please explain to me why Israel didn't just take the whole territory and kick everyone else out when they had the chance? Did the USA/Europe not let them when the country was being founded?
Are these just the people either side killed, or are we counting suicide bombings as fatalities too?
Damn and I just read how Israelis have done everything in their power to keep Palestinian citizens safe. Provide them with nice jobs, education opportunities, housing, etc. can’t believe that person lied to me on the internet. 

Damn.
Seems like a horrible place to raise a family
The first suicide attack was carried out in 1989 and the attacks steeply declined by 2008

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Palestinian_suicide_attacks

I wonder what the numbers were like 89-07
So cool!
With this chart you can be almost 3 years out of date on having an opinion on the current situation.
Wait till next week’s number.
Uncool
“A single death is a tragedy, a million deaths are a statistic.”

How incredibly true it is.
I don't think this is cool because it's very hard to see deaths per year.  I'm not sure stacked bar is the best choice when one of the values is significantly lower than the other in all cases.
The last 24 hours and upcoming months will be a reminder of the true human cost if something fails, and something WILL fail…
"cool"
WTF happened in 2018?
Nothing about this is “cool”just depressing that we have the world’s knowledge in our hands yet still have war and death.
People should know the timelines, and that everybody has been an ass since 47

* WW1 this area is ruled by the ottoman but the british get local support for a revolt by...
* the british promised land to both peoples who lived there, arabs and jews/isrealis
*  the isrealis accepted the split of the land the arabs did not, with the british having promised both the full land. 
*   war Number 1 with egypt, syria, and palestine in a genocidal conflict against isreal. Isreal won 
*   war number 2 is 1973 (50 years ago to the dot) was when the same arab countries attacked isreal again with the same intention to genocide on a jewish holy day, they lost again
* No peace treaty was signed between palestine and isreal as one wanted concessions the other wouldn't give. the other countries signed peace treaties. 
* Isreal has started to take palestinian land as what it views as concessions for the war and kicking palestinians out. Evictions as a large scale along the west bank. (this is where alot of people pick the story up) 
* conflict has been both constant and occasionally frozen for years with Isreal taking more land and creating more settlements and kicking out the inhabitants.
* Conflicts keep happening. Palestine largely propped up by Iranian weapons and isreal given US weapons. mini proxy war between the two 
* Today: New yom kippur war. Palestine is attacking the part of isreal near gaza.  
This is the last hundred and 10 years of history. We could go back further but I don't think its really relevant as its largely under ottoman rule for a long time.  
Though it is worthy of note during ottoman time people could be neighbours without shooting each other.
70% upvoted, I wonder why...
I tried asking on ELI5 but it wouldn’t post, can someone explain to me what is happening there and why? Thanks
But don’t forget that Palestine is still the bad people /s
What is regarded as an injury?
Has man gone insane?
This is what it looks like when you have a knife and you try to kill someone who has a gun.
You attack me, you get your ass wiped from the face of the earth. Result: you won’t attack me again.
Now do one with homes that have been seized and/or destroyed.
I think the Israeli deaths just doubles though with that concert venue right? I heard something like 200+ bodies discovered there.
2023 is gonna be 2018 but blue
There a link?
I support humanity in this conflict.
41,034 dead in war conflicts between identified parties 2006–2019 (total 350,000–400,000 dead from organized crime homicides 2006–2021)
60,000+ missing.
Mexican Drug War.
People dont really care about people dying
Wow, very cool! 

Thanks!
2018 was a busy year it seems
Yet they never learn from it a d promote more violence
Statistical databases and charts, current to September 2023, compiled by UN:

[UN OCHA Israeli-Palestinian Conflict Data](https://www.ochaopt.org/data)

Edit: Select the "Casualties" tile.
Cool, now separate the Palestinian civilians and Palestinian Militants/Terrorists like you did with Israeli civilians and Israeli soldiers
Unfamiliar with war or terror tactics… is this a war wear suicide bombers are used and if so is that counted here? Also is it one of those wars where people are killing their own over religious stuff, and again… would that count?

I know it’s a touchy topic but genuinely curious
Just as much understanding can come from the donkey restrictions.
this has been a constant issue that I dont quite understand? Why are they still at war/conflict? Can this end?
This is only the death comparison. Add to it wounded people, sufferings, stolen homes and lands, and all the forms of injustices occupation brings, and you get a better picture
Looks like someone is winning hum 🤔
Wow, more people die in Ukraine in a month than over a decade in Israel and Palestine.
I take comfort knowing that hamas will be exterminated in the coming days, and the survivors will flee like rats jumping off a sinking ship.



Gaza will be unrecognizable. 


Long live Israel, death to hamas.
The attacks on Israeli citizens are awful and should be condemned. However, so many outraged westerners were silent during the decades Palestinian civilians were under attack. It disappointing to only see care for the innocent people who are on the “right side”.
I hate it that my tax money goes to Israel. Citizens should be able to vote on that, or just be able to donate money through the government. If it was just for humanitarian aid id be fine with that. But what Israel and Hamas has done is obscene.
[removed]
Why does this start at 2008 and not 1948?
Again, it’s not a conflict!
Why are the Palestinian numbers so high? Are they stupid?
Lol religion.
A guide to understand why motivation and justification are better indicators of mortality than death tolls.

https://twitter.com/MarinaMedvin/status/1711040670100570264?t=c9_VM2TQLqF8oLtCoJGPzQ&s=19
“We gonna hurt you as much we gonna hurt us” 

“We dont care , you already oppressed us , surround us , dehumanise us . “ 

No body wrong . Yeah right
Isreal 🇮🇱 for the win!!!!
Free Palestine
As someone who has little to no understanding of this conflict. I appreciate seeing these stats.
To reddit, there is no difference between being weak and being good.
Yup. That’s what happens when one side invests billions of dollars to shield their people from rockets while the other uses their people as shields.
What happened in 2018?
So cool...

Really OP?
A lot of empire apologist calling well known facts propaganda. Scary amount of comments basically saying bombing babies is fine due to Hamas using human shields. Think about the second word of "Necessary Evil".
What happened in 2014?
the palestinian PR machine is working OT goddamn
Funny, someone should tell Israel that they're overachieving on that whole "We'll kill 10 of them for every one of us!" piece of foreign policy.
There is no winner in any of this. God is crying tonight.
Stats speeks for itself.
But Israelis don't kill civilians?
Someone post on r/worldNews they just banned me
B bbut hamas 🥺 , "we have the right to defense ourselves " !.
In the Gaza strip, 44.1% of Palestinians are under the age of 14.
This just shows that Israel is the real group of terrorists
This chart doesn’t even make sense. First number is 3202. Is that injuries? How many deaths then?
After this war, the new numbers posted here will dwarf the previous totals… on both sides.
Bend the knee
Yeah if I grew up with constant violence and attacks like Palestinians, with friends, family, and neighbors injured or dying around me (or myself getting injured), I'd get violent too. What other life could I possibly pursue in such an environment?
What happened in 2014?
Nothing cool about this.
I understand Israel now tbh
Horrific. Where is the best place to view stats from the last 3 years?
Europeans and Native Americans had similar tensions a few hundred years ago... someone should look into how that was solved and copy their playbook!
Well... This is wild.
What’s the data after 2020? I’m sure it’s still lopsided, just curious tho
Looks like a land grab. They just want their state back. Go home invaders.
It's clear who the aggressors are
Are we going to gift them cluster munitions too?
This situation is similar to Attack on titan where Paradis Island strikes back. Years of oppression and when they strike back, they cross the limits.
What happened to 2021-2023?
How can SO many get injured but so many less actually die? 
As in how are they getting injured? Surely a rocket to a building would kill a good 80% of people inside? 

Hopefully not taken as insensitive just trying to understand the numbers
Why does it start in 2008? I wonder…
Obviously the side with stronger munitions stands out, clearly. But it would also be nice to have a “guide” that shows unprovoked vs retaliatory casualties for both sides too. 

Then maybe have a guide that shows the underlying reasons for the unprovoked attacks vs a guide that shows the reasons for a strong, or over-compensatory, retaliatory attack. Then maybe a guide that shows the reasons Hamas commits its acts vs a reason why hard line Israel politicians commits theirs - why it benefits each and their hopeful aim. I mean, we could create dozens of guides on this conflict, and they can all be arranged together in a spiral, where we start at the top and work downwards.
Honestly, nobody cared until now. Who's cares about something you can't control. Let happen what's gonna happen.
I’ll make sure to reference this later
wow this made me realize how little i know about this conflict
I'm assuming others below me have noted how absolutely insanely morbid this is, so I'm just gonna be like "what the fuck."
It’s propaganda time
Not cool...
Got into some arguments with a couple Zionists on Seattlewa sub Reddit. They completely deny this data and keep calling facts propaganda.
Damn thats legendary K/D right there.
looks like there could  hardly any Palestinians left after this conflict
Looks like Palestine was getting neg diffed for over a decade.
Why is this year big news? 700 Israeli dead, 2000 injured. Really big bar
Real cool.
cool.

i wish the left margins increased though
Religion. Yey
Moron,
Skill issue
Cool? That shit is depressing. Looks one sided.
Religious nut bags won’t stop until they destroy the entire world.  Religion has got to be the worst thing invented in human history. Bunch of absurdly fake stories created to impose fear and control over the masses not for love and peace.  Love thy neighbor my ass.  Feed thy neighbor my ass.  Shelter thy neighbor my ass.  What a fucking joke.  

All we ever see is people fighting.  People starving.  People homeless.  People at there wits end struggling because of politics and the elite.  Where is your god when you’re truly in need.  God has a terrible reputation of killing innocent people and allowing scum to rule over the grateful.  

Religion has caused countless wars over the millennia and claimed 100s of millions of humans When will we all drop the charade and admit it was the worst thing ever collectively accepted amongst humans.  Just proves how weak minded the majority of people truly are. Bunch of suckers really.  Makes it very hard to feel bad when it does nothing but cause death and decay of a society.  

No human is entitled to more than the next.  We all deserve clothes, food, shelter, safety, and health care.  If you don’t agree with that then you’re the problem on this planet.
Bring the 2023 stats. Much more equitable unfortunately.
certainly this comment section will not be an absolute war zone
What this infographic confirms is that sadly this is a kettle having reached its boiling point inevitable situation- the Israelis had atleast 30-40 years with the PLO to broker a two state solution but they were not interested even assassinating their own Prime Minister when things were looking up. Hamas took advantage of the vacuum and innocent Gaza civilians will bear the brunt

Edit: PM not president
The only thing this guide could use is dates of said events. 

And perhaps number of attacks on each other. 

Not saying it’s true, but let’s just 60 attacks that kills 60 people vs 1 attack that kills 60 people you’ll see a big difference in data that might not reflect the actual situation.
Im gonna have my karma ruined for this. But i find it very interesting how when the story was the opposite in 2019 the whole internet watched but very quitely. Now everyone is trying to get their moment of seemingly caring? Whats change? What am i missing?
Damn Israel is cost effective
Seems to have a theme here.
As always this situation is just really fucking sad. Not in the Donald Trump way but in the 'endless cavalcade of human misery' way.
Can we jump to the endgame?
It’s never been an even struggle
If those subhumans had any sense, they'd stop fighting.
Expect that imbalance to grow.
American Taypayer money at work I don't remember anyone getting my permission to give my money to any other country, so effing Bullshit
The world needs to start holding BOTH of these fucking childish governments accountable. This shit has gone on long enough. Neither side cares about humans, they care about their religious and land egos. That shit is played out. Put them ALL in jail for the MASSIVE loss to human lives that they both cause time and again. Time for new life lving leaders to replace that old played-out human killing game.
Anyonechoosing one side in this mess is part of the problem. ALL must be held accountable.
I always like how caucasians start to get involved if someone from their continent gets hurt in a big conflict like this. 

Some brown people are dead, I sleep.
1 white guy dies, real shit?
First of all, it's doesn't up to date. second of all, what happened in 2018?
[deleted]
Super cool
so it's a genocide
Now do 2023!
Same shit different millennia.
They do to the women taking the stones to their face
C'est pas une course à la plus grosse
So sad about Israel
[deleted]
Scoreboard
Free Palestine
2023 - 900 Israelis dead already and counting, 130 abducted, and 4000 injured. This is only the second day
I miss 2018…
So then why did they attack, what do they hope to achieve with this attack... again?
If they can't share, nobody can have it
USA kills more pedestrians every year
It's really sad what the consequences of this foolish war are.
it's crazy how 700 Israelis died just those last couple of days
It's called asymmetric warfare.
What is 'cool' about this exactly?
"Terrorists" is just a term for Union Workers.
2023: 500,000
And without iron dome?
Cool? Really?
But I was told their was absolute pear and harmony from 2017-2020
700+ (probably 1000) Israeli casualties (mostly civilians) has been added to the list in just the last 3 days
I’m not sure these numbers are correct. 30k dead in 2018? From what?
Don't start talking about hamas https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMj99Jo5K/
Is there an updated version to include 2022?
The only reason Israel exists is that their aggressive Arab neighbors are terrified of them.
Not cool at all
Wow. That is some seriously slow learning…
The un as agendas and I’m not just saying it as nonsense they also claim no Israeli civilians ever died in Gaza.
Try B'Tselem or yesh gvul they are movements that want to get the most accurate statistics about these conflicts
Weakness is not morality
So Israel lost several times the amount of deaths over 15 years in a single day??
Less deaths than Chicago in the same time period.
I support a two-state solution and stuff but I wonder how the heck Hamas thought attacking Israel would help their position, since now Israel has a solid excuse to wipe them out of it really comes to it
No seaport, no problem
Anyone with a brain knows reddit is pro-Palestine.
Tf happened in 2018
This isn't a cool guide probably belongs on r/dataisbeautiful
So cool 😎
Irondome
The timeline goes back to 1911.
It's important to have stuff like this to point out that the real issue here stems from the Israeli government and the way they have essentially forced this situation on these people, both Israeli and Palestinian. They've pushed them into a corner and now they've snapped. Now is not the time for surprised Pikachu faces and firebombing people in an open air prison. Their government has to fix the problem they allowed to happen right in front of their faces
This is from 2021, where is an updated?
Fighting has been helpful.
The fact that you compare a conflict by the number of deaths shows how stupid whoever made the guide is.
Israel really cares about it's citizen unlike the terrorists?
# -----------------

In response to the commentators pointing out the lack of accessibility on this graphic, I'll share the plain text image description I put together for the ALT Text when I shared it on Twitter:

The Human Cost of the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict

Graph:

Israeli & Palestinian deaths/injuries documented by the UN

# Palestinian

2008:   3,202 

2009:   7,460

2010:   1,659 

2011:   2,260 

2012:   4,936 

2013:   4,031 

2014:  19,860 

2015:  14,813 

2016:  3,572 

2017:  8,526 

2018: 31,558 

2019: 15,628 

2020:  2,781

TOTAL: 120,286 (5,590 dead, 114,696 injured)

## Israeli

2009:    123 

2010:    185 

2011:    136 

2012:    578 

2013:    157 

2014:  2,796 

2015:    339 

2016:    222 

2017:    174 

2018:    130 

2019:    133 

2020:     61

TOTAL: 5,730 (251 dead, 5,479 injured)

Source: United Nations Statista: released under a Creative Commons Attribution No Derivative licence \[[https://cdn.statcdn.com/Infographic/images/normal/16516.jpeg\]](https://cdn.statcdn.com/Infographic/images/normal/16516.jpeg])
...and this is why Israel has one ally, the US. The overwhelming majority of the world was fed up with Israel several decades ago. Israel cannot do any wrong, as the US vetoes every single UN resolution condemning their actions. Over 50% women and children killed in almost every attack.
Considering that it only goes back to 2008, it absolutely is not.
I highly doubt this is accurate. If it is accurate it’s only because Israel values human lives and had the iron dome as well as bomb shelters to save their citizens.
Bought to be quite the column added to the left side for 2023 and 2024
exactly. I keep seeing stuff online and the agenda is clear. Make it look like Palestinians are the bad guys and Israel is the good guys. But in reality its the opposite. And this graph shows that. Hamas is just trying to get their get back at this point lol.
Why is Palestine still fighting? Seems like a losing battle
These war crimes are brought to you by US taxpayers and by viewers like you.
I wouldn't trust the UN on anything dealing with Israel or human rights.
And yet was is the most important stat of all to understand this in context, of which this subtle propaganda graph fails to mention?   
The stat tallying which side precipitated each instance leading to every one of these deaths.   
Hint: your phone screen isn’t big enough to contain the bar that would representing the side of Palestinians. Cry all you want - it’s the truth.
Both side must call an immediate temporary ceasefire. Release all non-combatants and allow all civilians the opportunity to escape from the war zone. Hamas must show example by releasing hostages. Israel harm to women and children is not justified by the barbarism of Hamas
Netanyahu and his armed forces would be well advised to be careful and not overstep what the world will sympathetically tolerate in the saturation bombing and invasion of Gaza .  The world has reacted with shock and disgust  to the sudden , criminal attack by Hamas upon civilians in Israel .  But if the IDF prosecutes the war and invasion of Gaza as a war against the civilian population with many multiples of casualties beyond those caused by Hamas in its criminal incursions into Israel the world may well react in total disgust . The broad sympathy accorded Israel since the attacks by Hamas may be reversed .  The pariah status accorded Hamas may then be  foisted upon Israel as the numbers of victims of violence , denial of food , water and medicine go far beyond the number of victims of violence perpetuated by Hamas in Israel .
What to do if you are Sad to see how divided we are as humans  [https://medium.com/@pranavnaik\_94761/what-to-do-if-you-are-sad-to-see-how-divided-we-are-as-humans-dc90d14d9197](https://medium.com/@pranavnaik_94761/what-to-do-if-you-are-sad-to-see-how-divided-we-are-as-humans-dc90d14d9197)
It looks like Palestinians need to quit starting problems with someone who can eliminate them
So HAMAS killed more in the last few days than either side killed in the past 8 years?
Cool. Now do a guide for missiles fired at each other and suicide bombing.
Literally the Eric Andre meme of "why are Palestinians mad at us?"
That's a lot less than I expected tbh
Interesting. You'd think the Palestinians would get the hint that conflict with Israel historically never goes well for them.
This ain’t a guide
Irish had the very same from the English Second class citizens / ghettoed  in their own country Never peace until they were seen and heard
360k Union soldiers died in the Civil War vs 258k confederate soldiers—- clearly this means the confederates were in the right? 

Thank Gd for low death tolls on the Israeli side; to require more deaths is frankly crazy.
So? Does it imply something about the righteousness of any of the sides? Should the Israeli government let its citizens die just for the sake of making the conflict more balanced?
that’s what you get for having a terrorist government.
Yes, yes the UN such a reliable source
Remember, just because one side has more dead doesn’t make them the victim
Not cool guide
This is a complete and utter lie and the numbers are very large on both sides
You can watch this video to get an idea of conflict history  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGVgjS98OsU  
It's better to learn what’s going on, rather than just relying on current news
How about your add how many Palestinians Hamas kills.

Last I checked Hamas kills more Palestinians than Israel.
why do all these charts start from 2008? Palestine has been colonized since 1948 and you can be damn sure many Palestinians were killed back then. So why is it so hard to find the real death toll?
W Israel protecting their ancestral homeland from since before they were scattered
Your looking at numbers? how numbers shows you the reality?   
Yea more death cause israel is more powerful.  


but did Israel attack ? no, hamas did. as in every war.  


imagine it like that:  
You are a super buffed guy and you have children (israel). a super thin nerd slaps your children (hamas).  
whats gonna happen? will you protect your children and nuke the nerd guy, or will you just let it pass while you child is crying on the floor?  


israel has every right to defend itself, and if you cant see it either you are blinded by the media like these numbers that say nothing, or your an ignorant terrorist sympathizer.
It's the worst guide I've ever seen
It does not look like a "cool" guide, but yeah.. 😔
Now show the version of this graph from the other side's perspective.
The social justice warrior brigade love to back the poor old terrorists who's  culture is deliberate and celebrated murder. Only the west backed are the bad guys. Never mind the fact no one is jumping up and down about the actual genocide of tens of millions of Muslims in China right now. 

Israel: we have nuclear weapons but use only the nessasary force to minimize our own losses because we are few and are out numbered and surrounded. (Defensive doctrine)

Hamas: murder all Isreal. Brainwash and use of fear to control our own men,women,children to die for our cause. Would not hesitate to nuke Isreal in a heartbeat if we had the weapons to do so. 

China: we can do what we want because we make all your stuff way cheaper than you can.  Bomb us and you will have to pay $30,000 for your next iPhone.
Hopefully Israel wipes them off the map, scum
Historical claim for Israel is 3000 years ago this was ruled by jews. and jews are less than 20 percent by 1920( native). so somehow jews from other countries have right to come to british colony and create a country by disposing natives.   
WOW what a logic.   
This is colonization plain and simple, in India they murdered and looted, but not able to settle into permanent colony. In south africa they created permanent colony, then apartheid.   
Do you know jewish explored and accepted the proposal to create israel in Uganda as well. They wanted to created a country ,over other peoples land as if they tried same shit in europe they would be defeated militarily. so choose less developed people and take their land.   DISGUSTING
There is PC game coming out next week about Gaza called Battle for Desert City. https://store.steampowered.com/app/2752490/Battle\_for\_Desert\_City/  
Coming out 18th of January. What do you think?
if you are blind you cant even read the comments. 

I believe the blind sleep better at night due to a significant lack of reddit as it is only accessible through screen readers.
The bars for deaths are only clearly visible on the Palestinian side in '08, '09 and '14. The last one looks to be about 1500 deaths, the other two around 1000. 
There are deaths on both sides in a lot of years, but they are hard to make out on this graph. 

Obviously this is just a clarification of the graphic, not a comment on the conflict itself.
Are you saying this because you're a protonopibic?
And if you are deaf you can't listen to the radio.
yea.  I looked at this chart and was crunching the math and simply couldn't make sense of it for over a minute.  Yea i'm colorblind....
Fun fact, terrorist is counted as civilian for Palestine. 

Also this only shows israel defense is decent.

Imagine all rocket hit israel. This is never fair. Pity competition is worse.
THIS is the top comment here? 

Really?

Go fuck yourselves.
Fuck
Protanopia*
Out of the gene pool
Fun fact: 93.5% of people on Reddit are blind to this type of pro-hamas propaganda.
Look, no one cares about the loss of Palestine lives now because someone successfully changed the topic to color blindness. Even though this picture does not use red and green contrast, so in theory, it is no more difficult for people with color blindness to read this picture than those with normal vision.
Holy shit, I literally thought it was all deaths. I've seen this chart a few times over the last few days.
r/cruelguides
[removed]
It’s cool and severely, extremely NOT cool at the same time. 

But it’s what we need to see.
Hijacking top comment to clarify that this most recent issue IS NOT Israel V Palestine, it’s Israel V Hamas, a terrorist organization that took over Palestine (Gaza) as their government years ago. The majority of Palestinians DIDNT WANT Hamas as their leaders.
A good reminder that Israel has been committing war crimes against Palestine for decades not to say it justifies Hamas but Palestine and its people aren't all terrorists
I disagree. It clearly shows there are questions to be made regarding the accepted narrative of Israel being the victims and needing international help.

I only miss some guide showing how the israelis have maintained the biggest Concentration Camp in the world (Gaza strip) for decades.

Israel is the victim *today,* and that is why it's in the news.
Yep Aparthied sucks.
OP is about to get banned.
But it helps people to feel better about the kidnapping and killing of Israeli civilians. That's all it's for.
The women kidnapped from the concert will be very comforted in knowing that their suffering avenges all the bars in the graph.
Israel has the ability to defend its citizens due to iron dome. Counting casualties is a stupid way to look at any conflict outside of a full on war.
It’s not a guide. Also, if you show deaths and injuries you better show the numbers for both. Otherwise it’s complete trash for even an info graphic, yet alone a guide.
[removed]
Or accurate
Well the deaths appeared to stop in 2020, so we can celebrate 3 years of peace now, no??
Because it doesn't align with your political views?
Sarcasm is thick in this title.
Perspective is always cool.
cool for the genocide enjoyers
Isn't even a guide.
No, but it is immensely overinflated. It is counting tear gas inhalation and rubber bullet use into the injuries. Which is like 80%+ of the injuries...
If “feels” like a scoreboard of lives and a means to justify the “us vs them” mentality of the entire conflict.
Peace in the middle east! Or whatever the cool kids say.
Not even a guide
The truth. But yeah, I hear ya.
So cool. It guides you to be born as Israelis than Palestinian
The ratio is pretty objectively cool.
Because karma farmers DGAF and just spam shit all over Reddit if they think it’ll get upvoted
“Hey check out this cool guide of actually human deaths”
It's not even a guide
Look at deaths from 1948 when the crazy terrorist militia zionist religious jews invaded palestine and forced all the palestinians out of their homes, farms, schools, offices, factories, churches, businesses, libraries, etc.   The religious jews slaughtered the palestinians and have been at war with them for the last 70 years.  
The palestinians are going to keep trying to get their land back.
That is a dumb thing to say. It’s not cool that the atom bomb exists, but it’s power is pretty fuckin cool. It’s not cool that war exists, but it’s pretty fuckin cool how it’s destruction brings about a new world order and a new era of peace. It’s not cool that Hitler did all that he did, but it’s pretty fuckin cool how one man was able to influence to many people with his charisma and vision. To say there is nothing cool about this guide, is a pretty fuckin stupid thing to say.
no, just shows how crue israel actually is and that palestinians never did anything wrong except for being kill in thousands and israel going "oh, we were defending ourselves"
Plus it reeks of propaganda and agenda, especially when you take in the most current events.
And great job not mentioning how many of the people were militants and how many were civilians!!
[removed]
But you don’t see propaganda machines working this hard when palestinians are massacred
Yea, it really sucks that Hamas, elected by Palestinians, keeps attacking Israel instead of accepting any of the many offers of peace and land. It also really sucks that Hamas treats Palestinians as expendable by hiding behind them (using them as human shields) in order to use their deaths to smear Israel when Israel is just trying to defend its citizens from their attacks.
not a guide at all
Idk I think context is pretty cool.
We'll hopefully they bomb and exterminate the pieces of shit named hamas
Israel is winning my guy
And Great job not mentioning how many of the people were militants and how many were civilians!!
Stones don’t do as much damage as artillery.
Because Israel is more powerful and has walls, bomb shelters, and missile defense systems to prevent something like this. The 600+ dead in a single day is a demonstration of what happens when those security measures falter.
Hamas fires rockets that are very weak and easily intercepted, Israel is wiping out entire streets and apartment blocks with the most powerful and advanced weapons around. Also, Gaza is a densely populated strip of land. What it shows though is that killing tens of thousands of Palestinians isn't making Israel safer or Hamas more tame.
The Palestinians fighting are mostly civilians frustrated by injustice with no other legal recourse.  The Israeli's fighting are mostly the Israeli military with artillery, assault rifles, grenades, tanks, jets, and bombs.

It's like comparing an bronze age army to a modern army... only more one sided.
Stones vs tanks.
Because the winning side tends to kill more people.
Because Israel is a bigger power than Palestine. Palestine provokes Israel with small scale attacks like suicide bombers, ramming people with cars, stabbings, etc.. Israel instead has more sophisticated weaponry and a real army to retaliate and defend itself. This is really a futile battle for the Palestinians..
Israel has iron dome for one. The Israeli numbers would be a lot higher if they didn't have missile defense.
Because Hamas want to increase the number of victims among the civilians. The more Palestinians die, the higher their  support will be. in Israel, the opposite is true. the more civilians die, the more chances that the government will be replaced.
I looked it up. Most of the injuries are tear gas irritation and rubber bullets.
The real reason is a lot of the “injuries” are tear gas inhalation.

If you have hundred or thousands of people that are part of a riot and tear gas is used, you’ll get hundreds of “injuries” even though most people wouldn’t really consider it as such.
Two words: 

Iron Dome
Israel tops in r&d around the world in computer algorithms. They have a top of the line military systems and artilery

While palestine has almost outdated weapons and barely any tech
Longstanding security agreements with the U.S. and the innovations said security fosters over time.
When you use human shields they often die.
Because this counts things like people who sought treatment for teargas.
Because it's leaving off the attacks done by Palestinian allies, like Iran - who not only provides the vast majority of the missiles Palestine uses, they also fire attacks as well.

There's a really dang good reason that Israel is one of the world leaders when it comes to missile defense systems.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arab%E2%80%93Israeli_conflict

Gaza's the common point of attack, but it's literally a decent chunk of the Muslim nations that are striking at them.

If your whole history for a few thousand years was riddled with nations conquering your people, banishing them or enslaving them - over and over and over again, and it took a major amount of work by the biggest powers in the world just to get you back a *piece* of your old country, and then once you got it back the people who you got it back from decide that you really shouldn't have gotten it back - you'd fight like crazy every time somebody attacked you too.

These are the people who survived the Holocaust. They're used to being attacked no matter what they do.

I can't hold it against them for being aggressive - nothing else has worked.
Israel has the iron dome which protects its civilians from the thousands of rockets that Gaza projects onto them
Iron dome
One side also gives honest numbers and the other is about as reliable as Chinese covid numbers.
Google "Israel iron dome"

Stopping rockets means you have less injuries etc. Meanwhile hamas fires from residential building and then films when Israel fires back saying "look at Israel targeting civilians"
Hamas is packing high target locations with civilians to pad the death count.
[deleted]
Because Palestine, like Syria, Egypt and Jordan before them, are really really *really* bad at war.

They attacked Israel when it was less than a day old, and lost. They attacked again in 1967 and lost in *6 days*. To put that in prospective, imagine if by the start of March 2022 Russia had not only been forced out of Ukraine, but had given up significant territory. Jordan gave up at this point. Syria and Egypt had a little more success in 1973, but not too much.

Israel makes important tactical innovations, such as actual aiming their artillery instead of just letting Allah guide the shells, and working out how much water soldiers need to drink each day. 

After Jordan got bored with Palestine and gave them their independence, they went about asking the British to improve their army, again, but Palestine never got the memo. The only military assistance they get these days is advice from such militaries as Saudi Arabia, who’s only military strategy is throwing boat loads of western military equipment at the problem. And then having westerners repair it. Only obviously Palestine can’t do that. 

So instead they’ve been firing bargain basement V2s at Israel, and Israel has been intercepting them because technically has advanced a little since the 40s. Israel strikes back, but Hamas likes to use schools and hospitals as launch sites so you can imagine the results. 

This weekend it seems that Palestine, or at least Hamas, have actually learned something. Credit where credit is due, this was a legitimately well organised attack.
Hamas over time has fired its tens of thousands of rockets at Israel from Palestinian population centers, and Hamas fighters hide amongst Palestinian civilians. They store weapons in schools, hospitals, and places of worship. 

Any counter-attack by Israel means they risk hitting civilians, even if Israel is usually trying not to. Israel has some atrocities to account for, no doubt, but in general its direct targets are not civilians and they do acts such as warning inhabitants of buildings they are about to hit. They did this, the famous “roof knocking”, last night and it was caught on international news.

Also, Israel has anti-rocket technology, thanks to President Obama, which has saved hundreds (possibly thousands) of civilian lives, despite Hamas purposefully targeting civilians repeatedly.

But it’s not a competition. It’s a tragedy anytime an innocent civilian dies. And sadly many have died this weekend and likely more will die in the weeks ahead. I don’t see the Hamas leadership (living safely in luxury in Qatar) or Bibi de-escalating quickly.
Israel takes great effort in protecting its soldiers and civilians.

Hamas takes great effort in pushing its civilians into the line of fire.
B/C this data is incorrect and from a biased source
Israel does a better job of defending her citizens, if there was no iron dome then this chart would look very different.

The other factor to consider is that Hamas regularly employ human shields to prevent airstrikes - or so that when airstrikes take place they can accuse Israel of killing innocents.

There is literal audio of them forcing citizens to stay in place after the IDF "knocked" on the building.
Because israel actively seeks to protect its citizens while hamss actively uses their citizens as shields.
The difference between idiots blowing themselves up against actual soldiers punishing them
One side uses human shields. I would imagine that plays some part in it.
Uninformed people are commenting strawman reasons. The real explanation has two parts:

1. Israel has the Iron Dome. It intercepts 95% of missiles shot at it. Last year there were 5,000 missiles shot at civilian areas in Israel. Just yesterday, in addition to the horrific massacres, Hamas launched 5,000 Rockets in just one day. 
If the Iron dome didn't exist, Israel's casualties would be in the tens of thousands, completely dwarfing any Palestinian loss of life.

2. Hamas not only targets Israeli civilians intentionally, but uses its own civilians as human shields. The UN admitted that in 2020 missiles were launched from inside UN sponsored schools. There's footage of silos and launch sites inside hospitals. If Israel wants to attack these, there will be civilians casualties. No matter what.
It’s self reported.  The Palestinians report lots of “injuries” being caused by Israel.
Israel has never heard of the fundamental rule behind self-defense in international law: proportional recourse
Imagine if the West supported Russia against Ukraine - that's the situation and it explains the difference.
Israel invaded, Palestine (not hamas fuck them) is fighting back against an apartheid state. When you hold military control of a country you take less casualties
Israel (The white ones, purely coincidence *I swear*) have the full support of the deadliest military complex on the face of the planet. That's why
Did you think the recent atrocity by Hamas came from nowhere? This massive difference is the reason why. The IDF have been suppressing and murdering the Palestinian people for years
Hmm guerilla militant movement versus professional army of Western-backed wealthy settler state? I wonder who wins
You can't tell just from the videos Israel provids:

"Hamas rocket attack!" : looks like some stones were thrown and someone threw some dirt in the air

"Israel responds:" Looks like 9/11 over and over and over and over again.

and of course the America response Israel relies on for it's war crimes:

[Pentagon to announce military aid package for Israel as soon as Sunday](https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/pentagon-to-announce-military-aid-package-for-israel-as-soon-as-sunday/ar-AA1hSI6R)
Apartheid works that way.
2018 was the year Palestine attempted a unarmed peace walk. They paid dearly for it. So whenever you hear people criticize Palestine for violence, they like to forget when they took the peaceful approach.
The US equips Israel with weaponry in order to fulfill Western colonialism in the Middle East.
Propaganda
Bombs
Israel has a lot of military equipment and tech thanks to USA funding so Israel got a lot of advantage.
David vs Goliath.
Israel has Americas health care money to spend on toys. Also, arab armies are shit
They are not equal powers. There is a violent dispute about land, and one side has more or less nothing significant to attack with, and the other has an advanced military with billions in military aid.
One country is backed by world's biggest weapon manufacturers

Other is left in the dirt to defend their country from no support (except rations) whatsoever bc it's too complicated bro.
Israel, even with recent events, has better defense technology and bomb shelters for citizens. The till on Palestine could lower if they did similar in having shelters for people to go to when door knocking occurs.
They count rubber bullets
Israel has the UN dumping nearly unlimited money and resources into it. Palestine has 80s soviet leftovers.
Also hamas has been known to use human shield tactics. They fire rockets from civilian centers probably in hopes of deterring counter attacks that will have huge civilian tolls. As we can see, that doesn’t always work.
One is a military super power and the other are just regular civilians.
It’s a mix of things, Israel has access to some of the latest military technologies which allows them to gain intelligence and prevent potential damage to their populous through first strike attacks against terrorist/militant groups. 

Also conflict typically happens in Palestinian territory like the Gaza Strip which have small Jewish populations. Israeli cities that are at risk have heavy military presences and protection systems like iron domes leading to many Palestinian terrorist/militant attacks to fail.
Israel invests in defensive capabilities like bomb shelters and iron dome. Palestinians don’t give a shit about their own people and invest in attack tunnels and rockets.
it's like russia vs ukraine, the attacking side has old weapons and unguided missiles and shitty tanks along with soldiers being poorly trained and the defending side has modern well kept military equipment from the EU and the USA so they're absolutely dominating
To put it in scientific terms: Palestinian skill issue
One side has the 18th largest military and is backed up by the largest military, the other doesn't have a military.
because on side is trying to survive and is being opressed while the other is killing to steal more land. the numbers dont lie, 35k deaths? thats genocide, yet no one speaks of it
Israel tries to protect its people, Hamas wants people to get killed for further funding.
Bc one side values human life and the other doesn’t.
The palestinians fire rockets without guidance systems. Israel also has an advance anti missile system that shoots down the palestinian rockets

The israelis have bomb shelters where civilians can hide in case of attacks

Palestinians, on the other hand, have been reported to use their civilians as meat shields. Schools, hospitals and densely populated areas  are deliberately also used as rocket launching pads with the hope that Israel follow Geneva Conventions. Ironically doing this is a war crime in itself. 

So imagine if a hostage grabbed a few kids and placed said kids between him and you all the while shooting at you. You will likely be forced to shoot back and hope for the best

That and a lot of pissed palestinians keep provoking the israelis by throwing stones and protesting
A few reasons, 

Israeli soldiers are typically better trained and use better tactics than Hamas

Israel has missile and rocket defense systems 

Hamas uses Palestinians as human shields and intentionally provokes the IDF into conducting operations in population centers

The fighting is typically done in Palestine so whenever a civilian catches a stray from either side its usually a palestinian
The UN counts tear gas exposure as an injury. It's a misleading graph.
Mainly the tech. Israel has an army, it has military scientists that develop tech so good it is sold to the US, while Palestinians use rockets they get from Russia, Iran or scrap parts
The iron dome, which intercepts the thousands of missiles leveled at Israel in midair.  Imagine if each of those missiles hit their target.
Because it isn't a war its an ethnic cleansing by Israel
Hamas kills their own people to earn sympathy with the west. As you can see it works.
Hamas fired rockets from civilian populations. Rockets get shot down by Iron Dome. Israel responds, kills Hamas + collateral damage
Hamas uses human shields, so to speak
One has the defensive home advantage while the other makes costly attacks
there's aot of complex reasons-- disparity in weapons is obviously one but a larger issue is different tactics.

this appears to count suicide attackers as "victims" not perpetrators, and Hamas often intentionally seeks to suffer casualties to turn world opinion against Israel: doing things like storing munitions in schools and hospitals and daring Israel to try to take or destroy them, or intentionally using civilians as cover for their activities.
tens of thousands of people trying to run across a heavily militarized border often faking injury and using children as shields.
One is run by a terrorist organization whose rockets are poor quality and another is a global superpower with some of the most advanced weapons and technology
Type of warfare mostly
Because one is a nuclear armed nation that gets free cutting edge military technology from a super power, to the tune of like 158 billion dollars,and the other has a couple rpgs and AKs...
Recently watched a documentary, most injuries and deaths are from when Palestinians do their March for freedom at the fences where Israeli will open fire on them
Israeli anti air defenses.
Because Israel has a much stronger military. Palestine's hamas is equivalent to the taliban/isis. They have some heavy equipment but not even remotely enough to challenge an actual organized army. However a graph that would also be "cool" would be one that shows for each conflict who fired the first rounds. Most of the time is the hamas terrorists shooting off some rounds into israel and then israel using a very heavy hand on palestine which leads to the numbers you see here.
It's not for lack of trying of Hamas. 
Israel is fencing off rocket attacks, preventing (suicide)bombers and all other kinds of attacks daily. 

The injuries on the Palestinian side are mostly rubber bullets and teargas, that are being used when the IDF has rocks, molotov cocktails and sharp objects thrown at them. 
They have armour on so they don't get hurt as much. 
Hamas soldiers don't wear armour so they can pretend to be civilians.
Because media only show you stuff when someone from Isreal dies.... They don't care for the Life of people of Palastinians, ... Also USA help with weapons so to kill more Palastinians...
Palestine killed civilians so Israel tries to kill the terrorist but they used civilians as shild
A big difference is that Israel has heavily invested in building bomb shelters since the 1991 gulf war. It's mandatory in every home, and the government gives incentives to add them on older buildings. In the palestine areas, no such efforts have been made to protect cicvilians. In stead tunnels are built there by resistance groups to be used for warfare, but they are not accessible to civilians.
Palestine isn't a government and Israel is. Israel also gets backing from the US. Palestinian people have been herded into smaller and smaller and smaller open air prisons for them to live. They also get their homes stolen from under them. The recent news is just the latest in what has been a worsening problem that Israel doesn't want to find a peaceful solution to. They knew these people were volatile, and instead of trying to do the right thing and giving these people their homes back, they just let it fester until they exploded. The blood of all these people is on the hands of the Israeli government.
Israel have more advanced weapons, gaza is more densely populated, Israel has defence systems etc.

Also around half of rockets launched by Hamas land in Gaza.
civilian casualties tend to be greater on the side that uses those same civilians as human meat shields. That is the wretchedness of the guerilla fighter. They often blend into the same environment that they launch their attacks from, so that when the inevitable counter-attack comes it is not them that suffer the most.

Terrorist organizations like hamas truly are some of the lowest of the low. On par with the drug cartels and the communists.
Because Israel has a modern military with training, tactics, intelligence, etc. All.of the attacks attributed to Palestinians are done by rag tag terrorist groups who hide behind and among civilians. They do their planning and store their weapons caches in hospitals, schools, and residential buildings to cause as much collateral damage as possible. These groups seek a high body count. They consider deaths to be righeous martrydom. People who view the fight from a western standpoint do not understand.
'Merica
Iron dome
Because Hamas uses Palestinian civilians as human shields
Hamas operates from within hospitals, kindergardens, and civilian homes and territories to protect their terrorists. Since they don't have much else, they literally use the lives of the Gazan people as a resource, to both prevent airstrikes and artillery by Israel, and to get international support.
Well it’s not a guide. It should be in r/dataisbeautiful
ITT: butthurt redditors
It’s the “cool” comment that’s irksome
Removing the context *can be* a form of bias.
This isn't a guide tho
Yeah how dare they show only data? Do they expect me to form my own opinion or something crazy?
“No bias” lol what a Reddit take
The timing of the data and the subtext of the data ARE the political opinion.
There is a book "How to lie with statistics" that teaches that.
I think the main issue is labeling it a “cool guide”
Data is biased when selecting dates to make a point. Large military operations happened in 2000-2008 that this conveniently left out to keep Israel death toll lower. This is also one source of data. Other sources put the death toll from 1960-2022 at 23,500+ for both sides combined.
Are you serious? There is clearly a political reason in showing this now. Who ever posted it, what to do classical „what-about-ism“ to downplay the horrible terror attach on Israel.
It's propaganda lol 🙃
Yes...such a random time for this

It is clearly a justification for Hamas' horrific attack
[deleted]
This is old information from 3 years ago. The only reason to post old information like this now is to push a political agenda.
It is not a guide. It’s a crappy diagram. Op is posting on here due to a political agenda. So, yes we should not be happy with him/her.
lol yeah, I’m sure posting this was without bias or a political message.

I’ve got a bridge to sell you my sweet summer child.
Because of the implication.
Showing this guide with no distinction for soldiers and civilians and no context IS the bias
Eh, statistics can be both true and misleading.  That's why people say "there are lies, damned lies and statistics".
Yeah man, reddit is mega pro-israel
How dare his data contradict my dataless opinion!
that explain a lot of things
Because it’s fake. This data includes teenage terrorists as children
There is boas if you review the graphs on the un website these numbers are inaccurate.
The data is biased.  The UN is not objective - it’s very very political and controlled by who has the most votes.
But it's neither cool nor a guide? This just feels like the wrong sub for it.
Data from 2008, not 2000 in the intifada for example
They are bunch of snowflakes
People that have been told over and over by their media echo chamber that supporting israel is the right thing to do for so many years of their lives wtihout EVER knowing even an ounce of the truth are demonstrating textbook cognitive dissonance when viewing this graphic. 

"How could they have been supporting such a disproportionaly brutal state? Surely OP has an agenda."

This is an understandable reaction of many, *many* normies that have bought into and fallen prey to the right-wing media machine, with everything that we know about the way the human brain works. 

Still, this is a hard fucking pill that MUST be swallowed if we, as a human race, are going to move past senseless, meaningless,  bloody conflict based on fairytales and mythology. Its fucking sickening. Humanity is showing how pathetic it is in this moment.  This amount of bloodshed in the same era we are developing neural networks and curing cancers is unimaginable. 

So I hope more people see this data and get some fucking idea of what kind of extremist monsters are on both sides of this conflict.
Lol, you don't think postimg this graph has any agenda?
Ahmm well wording?.? What ever stand one has on that conflict::nothing cool about a death toll
Out of context data is also a sign of bias. One needs a complete picture which in the case of this conflict takes hours upon hours of studying both sides.
They added the “cool” part
Everyone grasping at straws to act like there isn’t a huge obvious imbalance here and trying to justify their bias.
Palestinian propaganda machine hard at work. It is biased because it is misleading people to believe that Israel is just indiscriminately killing Palestinians and that is just not true. 

It's also pretty disgusting given the sheer brutality of the attacks on Israelis right now from Hamas who was elected by Palestinians. Israel has never purposefully attacked Palestinian civilians and certainly not in such a brutal and disgusting manner and you're all on here trying to justify these people raping, spitting on corpses, mutilating people and corpses, kidnapping and holding people hostage, massacring women and children, etc.

The vast majority of Jews/Israelis are happy to live side by side with Muslims and Arabs. Palestinian's slogan is "from the river to the sea" because they are the ones who want to do genocide. Palestinian propaganda machine tries to twist it around but we are seeing the truth right now.
[Israeli troll army.](https://twitter.com/AntiBDSApp/status/1391758961657925633)
Because it's a strange time to post this. It's almost like OP saw Hamas beheading children and thought "ugh aktually Palestine has over 10x the death count so we should be taking about that instead"
Not the comment section.
Zionist bots are attacking OP.

https://youtu.be/t52LB2fYhoY?si=C_fEoIwRu4b7-QRk

https://apnews.com/article/israel-palestinians-social-media-fake-accounts-bots-bea114a2be8e0fcf73fcabc736047fd3
Bull. This is like posting the FBI murder data by race and acting surprised that out-of-context data is called out for obvious ulterior motives.
Interesting timing
What's cool about people on either side getting injured or killed?
OP called it a “cool guide.”  They didn’t just post it in this sub, they put it in their headline. Shit deserved.
It's sociopathic and/or naive to think you can just "show data with no bias"
I literally ask for peace and equality and got dozens of comments accusing me of antisemitism. Trolls believe erasing them as a people is the right thing to do
One thing I've found out, being part Palestinian, is that my very existence is perceived as a threat to a very large number of people. People are offended and feel the need to attack and oppress me just because I exist.
Because it’s not about a scoreboard.
lol. Posting this right now in and of itself IS showing bias and political opinion. How are you possibly so naive?
He’s not simply showing data and you know it you clown. Some redditors just can’t accept the fact that they’ve been rooting for a terrorist organization for years and are now trying more desperately than ever to justify it because it’s easier than changing their minds.
Reverse the titles and they'll cry you a river.
Can we “attack” them for their profile?

https://i.imgur.com/GZVFPBB.jpg 

“All Germans are nazis”
The fact that it only shows until 2020 proves it is biased. In the last day alone over 700 innocent Israelis have been slaughtered and over 150 have been kidnapped. This post is an attempt to distract from the human rights atrocity that is happening right now in israel.

There is no justification for going into innocent peoples homes and killing elderly, children, women and men indiscriminately.

There is no justification for kidnapping and raping. Let’s not distract from what is really happening right now.
The data that is shown reveals a clear political agenda: to increase sympathy with Palestine after their leadership launched a terrorist attack on Israel.
Well yeah.. Cause this isn't the sub for that???? Like ffs explain how this is a COOL GUIDE. what point in my life can I use this normally besides political conversations? This isn't a cool guide, its a dataisbeautiful, its a cruel guide its many other things. but not the point of this sub.
Simply posting this in the wake of what is going on shows bias. Right or wrong on whichever side, it's definitely a move to point out Israel has done more damage. It's like when cops do something bad and then suddenly there is a lot of pro cop shit getting posted.
Though it is missing context. From what i gather the US provided Isreal with an "iron dome" defense system that has been stopping bombs for quite some time. Basically their casualties are low from a successful defense system and not necessarily a lack of attacks or that they alone are the aggressor.

There is a clear attempt to paint one as worse than the other, when they both hate each other and are fighting. No one is correct here.
The issue is that the data is inaccurate. There is no united nations source with these numbers.   

This is one of those statistics things that circulates pretty quickly and everyone takes it at face value.
We're so poorly educated on this topic is hurts my head.

  
***The whole reason this crisis exists is because in the 40's when the UN gave them the green light to SETTLE ALREADY OCCUIPIED LAND, they spread out beyond the permitted terrorizes and stole fresh water sources from Egypt and Syria.*** 

https://mepc.org/journal/water-dimension-golan-heights-negotiations

  
In the US, we're taught that they were instantly attacked for being Jewish in a predominately Muslim region. This lacks nuance and truth. 

  
***In reality they expanded past the agreed upon land and were attacked after the expansion because they straight up annexed additional land that the UN had not permitted them to live on.***   
The reason why the United States supports them so much is because they're a client state ( similar to Taiwan and South Africa). Whenever we want military action taken in the region but don't want American finger prints to be found, we send them in on our behalf. *Think of it as outsourcing violence. That's why we fund Israel, that and Christian Doomsday Prophecy.* 

  
The reality is there is no good solution, Hamas are not the good guys but Israel sure is shit is just as brutal, if not more. They're just bombing everything, that's why Hamas takes hostages, so they're less likely to indiscriminately bomb Gaza knowing there's Israeli nationals in Gaza. It's fucked but that's why. Should they take hostages, no. Should any of this be happening? No, absolutely not. 

This is Netanyahu's wet dream. This will enable him to continue to consolidate power and justify his hawkish stance towards the two state solution. 

He refused to work towards peace or negotiate. So naturally not seeing a diplomatic solution (because Israel refuses to negotiate) Palestinians look to the one entity willing to stand up to the Israeli government, *HAMAS*. 

  
Now every idiot on the internet thinks Israel's impending genocide towards Palestine is warranted because Hamas gave Israel enough rope to HANG THE WORLD. 

  
This is going to escalated across the region and has implications for everyone around the globe. It's not a reality T.V. show with teams to cheer for. Both sides are just recklessly killing each other in an attempt to cleanse the other from the planet.  

  
*This is absolutely repugnant and horrible.*
Because they can’t deal with fact that Israel may be a bad actor in this. What people don’t get is that it’s possible to be against both the government of Israel, Hamas, and to feel that both Jewish people and Palestinians should be treated with dignity.
The timing of it is pretty clear bias.
Literally people can't just admit there's a side bombing people constantly and on the other side there's a terrorist group just making their own people lives ten times worst and terror everyone around them, but no way, it's either black or white and screw statistics and whatever everyone says.
It's the same in sports. You post statistics that don't look as favorable to an athlete as the hype, and his dickriders get you banned from the subreddit.
But it’s not even accurate data, the reason he posted it is the recent conflict but the data doesn’t even cover it, otherwise Israel would’ve had 1000+ more civilian deaths
Click on op’s profile. All Germans are nazis apparently ? All krauts blocked ? OP is super sus and their motivations for this post deserve to be questioned
I would be pissed off too if I went through what they went through in the strip
that is not true. If that was the case then the settlements wouldn't exist. the israeli government gives the birth right to any person of any jewish descent anywhere in the world to get citizenship in israel, on land that has been stolen. why isn't this right given to the palestinians who have been living there for generations? or worse yet, why are they being pushed out to make room for a population who was never there. To say that this is the government and organisational groups fighting each other is so ignorant and so biased, you need populations to even create the settlements in the first place, oppression from the government of israel is on the palestinian people, christian and muslims alike.
What a foolish statement
If hamas didn't exist does this solve all the problems?
Any Palestinian fighters will be treated the same and be called terrorist because Palestine has no army .
What should they do the to not suffer from colonization.
Enjoy it?
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMj9HFQ2n/
Yeah the prompt was palestinians and a coalition attacking the existence of a jewish state because they're bigots.
Pepsi probably
[ Removed by Reddit ]
unfortunately, war will never end.
There is

It leads to extinction though
Remove religion from the equation. 


No fundamental peace, but we get much, much closer
Do NOT suggest a final solution
At this point, only God. Humanity was always stuck on wars.
Ultron had a plan.
Fully Automated Luxury Communism
trying to stop the war without trying to stop the causes behind it will be similar to trying to stop pain by painkiller without trying to treat the cause of the pain.
kek
There is - New World Order.
There is, but Oppenheimer stopped us all of doing it.
I understand the sentiment but would you rather live in an **apartheid regime** aka Israel (according to the HRW and Amnesty International) or fight so your family can be free and come back to the lands they were expelled from? 

https://www.hrw.org/report/2021/04/27/threshold-crossed/israeli-authorities-and-crimes-apartheid-and-persecution

https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/campaigns/2022/02/israels-system-of-apartheid/
People will continue to fight until there is 1 or less people left.
Careful what you wish for
Why the sudden urge?
Stars War? Thumb Wars?

Ohmygod, Storage Wars?
DJ Crazy Times had an idea...
The tin foil hat people believe it's staging an alien invasion similar to Watchmen finale.  Comman enemy....
give Palestinians their home back and they'll probably stop fighting for it...
We should have one last great big war so everybody can get it all out. We'll call it the Great Big War, or the War to End All Fights, and it'll be the last war that ever happens.
Well if you live in the US you could protest against your government sending US$3.8 billion in military aid to Israel every year.
Of course this won't end all wars, but it's a start.
And I wish I had superpowers but it ain’t gonna happen.
Just press the red button
Simple : either Isreal capture entire Palestine and eradicate Arab from that land, call himself a colonizer who successfully eradicate all populous of a land. Or Palestine gets a state and live with it. 

Only reason, west is not eradicating Palestine, because if it is done , you don’t have “any more second class citizens” . For the rich people to enjoy, they need  a group of people who do their toilet cleaning, garbage disposal or lawn care. A complete whip out actually prevent those “class” to have for isreal.

So what is the best option for isreal to do: have a full fledge media machine with most sophisticated spy system, maintain a “stable” enemy and get those objectives done with apartheid system. Like the episode of black mirror : the roaches “https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Men_Against_Fire?wprov=sfti1”

This is the reason why this war is continuing and unfortunately and sadly there is no end of this war.
People no longer believing in any religion should be a solid start. Could fix several other problems as well.
Should have let the British take over it all. We were already 1/4th there
If anybody cares about Palestine and the Palestinian people, nothing about this conflict is going to help. 

This attack on Israel is not anything about Palestine. It’s about hurting Israel. And hurting Israel ends up hurting Palestine one hundredfold.
You’d think this wouldn’t be such a difficult concept for people, it’s like many pro Palestine people (saying this as a supporter of Palestine) forget that Hamas is an Islamic extremism terrorist group, and Palestinians have committed atrocities against the Israelis. No hands in this conflict are clean
Finally somebody said it. People equating a radical group to the ideals of an entire nation filled with innocent people makes no sense. Do we now also ubiquitously denounce Ukraine and refuse to help because they have nazi groups?
If there's no Hamas, how do Palestinians defend themselves?
Based take.
Palestines aren’t prisoners to Israel. Their prisoners to their govt.
[deleted]
Palestinians elected Hamas and overwhelmingly still support Hamas. They’re also out celebrating the massacre of woman and children.
Nah, Israel #1. The only way to defeat an ideology is --
so fuck the freedom fighters that are freeing palestine? pick one or the other. ukraine freedom fighters, hamas terrorists, logic...
Its the same people
What’s not free about Palestine? They are free to travel, even to Israel if they want.
Hamas = Palestine = Barbarians
Reddit moment
Maybe but who else will fight for Palestine?

Why is hamas labelled terrorists but the IDF are not?

Makes no sense at all
Palestine would still call for the death of all Jews no matter what.
It is free from settlements since 2005, a country can't be free from concequences of terrorist attacks on the neighboring country though
It’s not a conflict to begin with. It’s straight genocide
If it was somewhere near equal, Israelis would be genocided by the thousands as we can nicely see right now
does "equal" matter? Shouldn't we be able to judge actions based on the actions?
And why would any sane army want a “fair and equal” war?
I mean it shows us that Israel is doing more damage.

Does anyone have the numbers on missiles fired? Armed incursions? I’m curious to see whether Israel is more violent or just more competent.
does it have to be? it's a war
Do you think the deaths would be at this rate if Israel didn’t have Iron Dome?
Who is doing the something "happenings".  It's predictable and they are killing their own by sending the rockets, which are literally useless except to scare civilians.
Well they Kinda have to Hammas are firing rockets from civilian buildings
Yeah, but who attacks who?
I mean what do you expect, no retaliation?
It also captures dropping bombs and missiles on Gaza whenever you need to provoke someone to drop way more bombs and missiles on Gaza.
Missiles at military targets with previous warnings = rapes torture and massacres of civilians. Scum
Not great at all. Why does the "guide" start specifically at 2008?
hamas deliberately places its assets amongst civilians
wouldnt anyone try to free themselves too when they are imprisoned in a place like gaza until they all die?
They don't just drop bombs and missiles. They give warning first. They give enough time for civilians to move but not the enemy or their equipment. There is countless videos of them giving notice or roofknocking. How do u think all these people know to film when an airstrike is coming
Only way this ends is if Palestine gets completely destroyed and Hamas eradicated.
> whenever something happened.

or without something happening.
Its the product of not being able to hide who the original and real aggressor to this whole sordid ordeals.    All propaganda aside, no Israel wasnt just created on land that had been kept empty and waiting for Jews to return from over 2000 years ago.  It was created on land that includes people who used to be Jews 2000 years ago but converted to Christianity and/or Islam, as well as just people who had always been arabs without having been jewish at some point.   

And those people had to be removed by Israel in order to build their state -- and continue to be removed by Israel, as the graph implies.   

If its true that there;s never been a Palestinian state or people, as Israell is claiming now, then they wouldnt have to remove anyone, and that graph would show closer to 0 casualties -- you cant kill what doesnt exist, right?
Meanwhile Europe killed 5x more people by drowning them in the Mediterranean sea:

https://twitter.com/teacherdude/status/1691053634300116993

All for economic reasons not because of neighbor countries declaring Dschihad on the homecountry
It won’t. Not until the US publicly denounced Israel’s behaviour. Which would be in line with the rest of the world, The UN, And human rights organisations.
As pessimistic as it sounds... how do you create peace?

Every missle being fired at Hamas right now is killing someone's father, someone's brother or someone's children. 

Those people aren't going to forgive Isreal anymore than Isreal will forgive Hamas.
The scale of civilian casualties is always greater when you shield your operatives behind them. 

Whenever there is a known attack incoming Israel sends civilians to shelter. Hamas puts civilians in the frontline. Builds a better story. 

Also Muslims live in Israel. If a Jew tries living in Palestine they get killed crossing the border. 

If you think the American right wing is hard on homosexuals you should YouTube treatment of homosexuals in Palestine.
It’s being going on for like half a century more or less. It won’t be ending quickly because there isn’t any solution that all parties can agree on. Also a big problem is who Israel would even negotiate with? Hamas? Other Arabic nations in area like traditionally done? The people of Palestine who don’t really have an organized government unless your counting Hamas. If peace was possible have no doubt Israel would have gone that route because ultimately being in a state of conflict with all your neighbors isn’t a desirable position but anyone who could negotiate with them would want unreasonable terms so they don’t really have many choices available.
for being a heavily assymetrical conflict, israel is doing really well. If you compare these stats to what america caused in Iraq or Afghanistan, you see how much restrain they actually show
why does this feel like it was written by chat gpt
GPTzero says 98% chance this was written by an AI
> The Arabs brought Islam to Palestine, and the region soon became a Muslim majority region. The Arabs ruled Palestine for over 1000 years. 

1. No, they didn't. 636 (when the Arab conquest started) until 1516 (when the Ottomans took over) isn't even 900 years, and that includes the more than 100 years of Christian rule after the First and Sixth crusade.

2. This makes it sound like the "Arab rule" was a period of stability and self-determination for the people of Palestine. This wasn't the case - the people were first ruled by the (Peninsular) Arabs (Rashiduns and Umayyad - they weren't Arabs themselves at that point), then from (modern) Iraq (Abbasids), then by the Turkic-Egyptian Tulunids, then it ping-ponged once again between Iraq and Turkic/Egyptian Mamluks, then was controlled by the North African Shia Fatimids, then the Turkic-Persian Seljuks. Then came the time of the Crusades, and at the end of those, the Egyptian Mamluks once again took control. So this was still a time of almost permanent conflict and turmoil, and there never was any self-determination. The only periods when the country in control of Palestine was actually *centered* in Palestine were surprisingly the Christian Crusader states, but those were also ruled by (mostly Frankish) foreigners.

3. It is completely unclear when Muslims became the majority in Palestine. It's often assumed that this only happened during the relatively long and stable period of Mamluk rule after the Crusades, [sometime between 1300 and 1400.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islam_in_Palestine#Mamluk_domination) Even then, the religious makeup of the region was still very mixed until modern times.
There are some important details left out here.

> The Byzantine Empire, which succeeded the Roman Empire in the East, continued to rule Palestine until the 7th century AD, when it was conquered by the Arabs

The Dome of the Rock was deliberately placed on top of the Temple of Solomon, because that's what Arabs do - when they conquer a territory, they build a mosque.  The style of this monument essentially cloned the Byzantine architecture that stood before it.

> In the 11th century AD, the Crusaders, a Christian army from Europe, invaded Palestine and conquered Jerusalem. 

The Arabs were killing Christians who wanted to make a pilgrimage from Europe to visit the Holy Land.  Fed up with their treatment, the Knights Templar were formed - the first multi-national corporation ever, with financing and heavy cavalry sufficient to take back the Dome of the Rock and convert it into a Cathedral.
How dare you interject with facts? This is a thread dedicated to antisemitism! (Sarcasm aside, thank you for sharing an unbiased and real account of the situation, without any emotion.)
Cute bedtime story.  

How about this? 

1. It was all Palestine 

2. European settler colonialists did what they did in the Americas, and everywhere else and stole land, claimed it as their own, then put in civilian settlements. They called it Israel. 

3. Israel has maintained use of violence to defend and expand its borders, including adding more settlements outside of its official borders recently.

4. The colonized people have been the victims by having their land stolen violently and every year being killed and injured way more (on their own land) than the other way around. And they are actively oppressed in many ways. 

Take out the proper names and replace them with any variable X and Y and you’ll see who is good and bad guys overall and it’s not at all a complicated issue.
> During this time, Jesus Christ was born and crucified in Jerusalem

I mean, that's made up fiction. Maybe leave that part out of it when posting facts :p
The conflict is quiet simple. Israelis want a homeland they can belong to, Arabs want to eradicate them. Israel is a strong nation with one of the best disciplined military training in the world and Arabs have a penchant of provoking radical religious contentions globally.
Take your Wikipedia copypasta and fuck off bot.
chatgpt ass
Yet the media doesn't report all the same. Not all humans are equal, and in this conflict it's pretty telling
Yep that’ll happen when a terrorist-controlled territory uses its people as human shields
90% of Palestine is Hamas so thats 2,000,000 terrorists who are enemy combatants to take care of 👏
What a surprise huh
That tells you who the “bad guy” is.
It's truly reprehensible how many innocents have been blown to smithereens so that some VP at Raytheon could buy his 12th vacation home.
When Ukraine defend their country reddit absolves them of any wrongsoing they might do but when Palestine attack foreign occupiers that have the backing of united states Israel is somehow the victim.
Yeah because if they didn’t have state of the art weapons, the graph would be skewed ten times into the other direction.
Yes but...the other countries are "terrorists" so...its justified,  only "we" can have weapons of mass destruction.  Its all in the name of peace,  a country has every right to (buy our weapons) defend itself!
Terrorist sympathizer
I don’t know if Americans are blind, it’s just that the general public can’t do anything cause all our politicians are pro war
[deleted]
There are victims on both sides
I wish they’d shown the amount of rockets sent by each side to give a better perspective of who’s *trying* to hurt innocents
In the 1920s, there were anti-Jewish massacres in Jerusalem, Safed, Hebron, etc.

In the 1930s, the Arab Revolt killed hundreds of Jews.

In the 1940s, Palestinian nationalists incited the Farhud, a brutal massacre against the Jews of Baghdad.

In 1948, every single Jew living in East Jerusalem, the West Bank, and Gaza was expelled down to the last man, woman, and child. The Old Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem was completely razed to the ground.

The occupation may have radicalized many people, but it’s not the source of the violence that has happened today. Stop pretending that it is.
I suppose, but only very briefly. The "occupiers" who didn't die went back to Gaza with their kidnapped victims to rape and torture them.

But don't worry, they will soon be nothing but vaporized blood, guts, and charred skin soon. Their supporters will watch in horror as the terrorists they cheer on are massacred, and the world will be better for it.

The silver lining of this travesty is that a large amount of people have completely taken off their masks, revealing how absolutely vile and unworthy of respect they are.
Gaza hasn’t been occupied in 15 years. Why do the most clueless people insist on commenting on this?
What an ignorant statement.

Under international law and occupation *only* happens as part of a conflict.  You can’t have an occupation with no conflict.
It's been wild seeing all the folks on Twitter with Ukraine flags in their name/bio calling for levelling gaza or how getting eradicated would be deserved at this point. Really shows that for some it's less about principals and more about having a bloodlust that they want to fulfill morally.
You do realize if Palestine had the resources that israel has then Israel wouldn't exist right? One of their major goals is the total genocide and extermination of Jewish Israelis. We are currently seeing what Israel does with all the power, and they don't genocide an entire group of people despite having the capability to do so.
Gaza hasn’t been occupied for over 20 years. Reported for misinformation.
What a stupid fucking thing to say, but hey edgy idiots get upvotes from other edgy idiots. It’s most definitely a conflict by any stretch of the imagination and only someone with zero understanding of history would say otherwise
That's what happens when you side with the axis in WWI so your empire is dissolved and territories go to the winner to do what they wish with and the British chose to give their mandated land to the Jews. There is no occupation.  There is Palestine refusing to ever be at peace with Israel and Jews for over a century and reaping what they sow from repeated attacks. Israel was a country long before Palestine and Jews lived in Israel/Palestine long before either were a country.

Read a history book or 2
[deleted]
Theirs no Israeli soldiers in Gaza and hasn’t been since 2005 .
The identity of "Israeli" as a Jewish people who claim and have ties to that land has existed since 2000 BCE, 4000 years ago. The identity of "Palestinian" as an Arabic people who claim and have ties to that land has only existed for the last couple hundred years, though some claim ties back to the Arab conquering of the middle east 1300 years ago. Either way, that land belonged to Israel before it belonged to Palestine. By all historical accounts, that land rightfully belongs to Israel as a nation of people.
Apartheid colonialism is an apt phrase.
You need to consult a dictionary immediately. An occupation is a type of conflict.

#🤦‍♀️
Yawn. One less Islamofascist state is better for the world. Wake up, tankie.
The occupation began in 1967 due to a war Palestinians and their Arab allies began. For 20 years prior to that, a war was ongoing that Palestinians and their Arab allies began. Israel withdrew from Gaza in 2005.

It’s a conflict. Pretending otherwise ignores why the occupation began: Palestinians and Arab states began wars they lost.
[removed]
It's not. Iron dome didn't even exist untl 2011. This is very easy data to find, but you didn't, because the point is not to be honest or accurate, it's to excuse and cope.

https://www.un.org/unispal/document/auto-insert-208380/
Yeah I'm sure those militia are stronger than nuclear state
Based on what?
Given that it does exist, what would be the point of imagining it doesn't?
Would be very different without apartheid.
Your right, more deaths on both sides. Every Palestinian attack has always resulted in a disproportionate retribution. The fact that the dome has prevented so many Israeli deaths means that it also prevented Palestinian deaths by coincidence.
Would also be a lot different if one side wouldn't use civillians buildings as launch sites and use civillians as a shield.
And that somehow justifies what they do?
You can't even tell in the chart when the Iron Dome when into action. That's how little it matters.
*says the redditor who actually has no clue what they're talking about*
No it wouldn’t. They would take over Palestine and just permanently occupy it before it got too bad.
Not really.
What is your point with this comment?
And?
Nope. Look at the historical data. When did Palestine have tanks again?
Lol this guide goes way back before the iron dome….
"would be" does not exist. This is the reality. Consequences for apartheid and consequences of fighting apartheid
Yes. Rockets made with pipes and some fuel would match F-35 and F-16 strikes in power. The *only* difference is the Iron Dome, not the technological powerhouse of a nuclear state.
Israel surprised everyone by being so good at fighting. If Palestine had their way there would be ethnic cleansing of the Jews ‘from river to sea’ as the Palestinians like to say.
Yea. Almost impossible to break the cycle of revenge.
May not be cool but it’s factual.
OP was really impressed by the KDR.
Casualites in war is one thing, gangrapes, torture and kidnappings into slavery is something else.
So where were you when Israel was doing this for 19 years? They’ve been carpet bombing the Gaza Strip, destroying rows of apartments, hospitals, schools, but when Palestine retaliates is when you type?
you think Israel hasn’t been massacring women and kids? sweet little pasty fat summer child lol
I've heard nobody try to defend what Hamas has done. Though I've seen tons of people arguing that we should commit an even worse genocide on civilians in Gaza.
Not sure which side you are talking about as both did so
But it does breed hatred and a person filled with hate can rationalise the most cruel acts
Holy shit read a book
Definitely not, it’s awful. But you have to wonder: what drives a person to do these things? What have they experienced to make them think this is justified? It all needs to stop.
Aww geez I wonder why they would do such a thing, it’s not like there’s been years of the Israelis killing Palestinians, which would only cause them to treat Israelis as the literal devil.

I love how much Reddit drinks the mainstream media koolaid that they go from hating Nazis like no tomorrow, to hating people who have every right to hate the Israelis for similar reasons as why people hate the Nazis.
You're right, it could have been the native Americans who were the bad guys all along in the 1700s

Edit:these counter examples are so God damn sad
I know that some of that body count was cause by Israeli snipers shooting at combat paramedics, at least one of which died. Since this is a war crime, I'll add that to the "not such good guys" category.
As far as I can tell neither side is right.

It's just two shitty neighbors trying to murder each other
You can also do a little what-if: 

What would happen to Palestinans if their armed forces would drop all weapons tomorrow and surrender unconditionally?

Now, what would happen to Israel if their armed forces dropped all their weapons and surrendered unconditionally?

There you have the answer who is to blame for this tragedy.
No, but it does prove that Israel is not a victim in all of this.
Yeh agreed. I feel like this guide, posted today especially, is to somehow “offset” what just happened to many innocent Israelis.  Like as in, it’s still disproportionately Palestines dying so …..  What it misses is that Hamas would completely wipe Israel off the map if it had the capability.  

Not every conflict has a hero, and there is no excuse, rationale, etc for killing innocent civilians. Especially those peacefully enjoying a concert. Clearly they were not just bystanders while Hamas was targeting military.
Exactly. If the Palestinians had their way they would kill or exile every Jew in Israel. “From river to sea” is their literal slogan.
Apply this to nazi Germany then hear how dumb u sound Lol
Shit people say when they’re the ones carrying out the atrocities. I bet if it was reversed you wouldn’t be saying this.
Lets keep this thought train going: 

&#x200B;

Who is stronger has more control of the situation. So the strongest person needs to deescalate the conflict. If both parties escalate, then the strongest person is more to blame.
What a foolish statement
If hamas didn't exist does this solve all the problems?
Any Palestinian fighters will be treated the same and be called terrorist because Palestine has no army .
What should they do the to not suffer from colonization.
Enjoy it?https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMj9HFQ2n/
Lil pup doesnt know Hamas IS the will of the Palestinians. Yikers
Hamas is a resistance group created to stop occupation and colonization. Their existence is directly related to the state of the Israel you idiot.
They were democratically elected though, I just discovered.

Your rhetoric is also bad. What's that even supposed to mean?
>terrorism against civilians is unacceptable. but Israel has been sowing this field for decades and now it’s harvest time

two sentences with very different tones and messaging
Read the Hamas Charter, they want to destroy Israel and expel/kill all of the Jews from the Middle East, if there wasn't a power differential then 90% of the Jews in Israel would have been eradicated by now lol, meanwhile Israel could have destroyed all of Palestine many many times over and other Arabs are doing just fine in Israel. Israel is not 100% Jewish, it's a multiethnic/multireligious state and the Palestinians will be better off within Israel, no matter how much you love Hamas. 21% of Israel's population is already Arab.
There is a disparity because Israel is more powerful and has walls, bomb shelters, and missile defense systems to prevent something like this. The 600+ dead in a single day is a demonstration of what happens when those security measures falter.
League of Legends shows you statistics after a match like damage taken and damage dealt. They also show a statistic "damage mitigated" which is damage you would have taken if your defense was 0. These statistics would look a whole lot different if we were able to see how many casualties there would have been if the missiles weren't intercepted.  The left side would barely increase, but the right side would be disastrous.

Just because they suck at killing innocent civilians doesn't mean they aren't trying.
It's really going to be harvest time for the Palestinians. If u thought israel was bad all these years, it's going to get a lot worse.

War footage coming out shows israel straight up demolish highrise apartments with their missiles. Gaza will also be under permanent occupation most probably
\>terrorism against civilians is unacceptable. but

No buts. It's not justifiable, and you're here justifying it
"Terrorism is bad unless I don't like the people being terrorized!"
Ayyoooooo! Remember like 4 years ago when an Israeli sniper assassinated a reporter who was reporting on the indiscriminate killing of a child? Pepperidge Farm Remembers
In the 1920s, there were anti-Jewish massacres in Jerusalem, Safed, Hebron, etc.

In the 1930s, the Arab Revolt killed hundreds of Jews.

In the 1940s, Palestinian nationalists incited the Farhud, a brutal massacre against the Jews of Baghdad.

In 1948, every single Jew living in East Jerusalem, the West Bank, and Gaza was expelled down to the last man, woman, and child. The Old Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem was completely razed to the ground.

The occupation may have radicalized many people, but it’s not the source of the violence that has happened today. Stop pretending that it is.
>I know nothing about the subject but thank you for giving me a single piece of information to base my fully formed opinion around
Seems you’re missing some important information that makes you think Israel started this. A lot
of the middle east want to kill the Jews, and have been attacking them non-stop for several thousand years now. That is why Palestine has been the one always attacking Israel. Israel only captured small pieces of land that weren’t originally allocated for them, as per a military advantage they logically gained due to the ongoing assaults started by Palestine.

The total known history of the people/government/religions of Palestine/Israel is a long and complex one. The region has been inhabited by humans for thousands of years, and has been ruled by many different empires and kingdoms over the centuries.

The earliest known inhabitants of Palestine were the Canaanites, a Semitic-speaking people who lived in the region from around 3000 BC to 1200 BC. The Canaanites were polytheistic and worshipped a variety of gods and goddesses.

Around 1200 BC, the Israelites, another Semitic-speaking people, began to migrate to Palestine. The Israelites were monotheistic and worshipped a single God, Yahweh. The Israelites eventually established a kingdom in Palestine, which was divided into two kingdoms, Israel and Judah, in the 10th century BC.

The Israelites were conquered by the Assyrians in the 8th century BC and by the Babylonians in the 6th century BC. The Babylonians destroyed the First Temple in Jerusalem and exiled the Israelites to Babylon.

In 539 BC, the Persians conquered Babylon and allowed the Israelites to return to Jerusalem and rebuild the Temple. The Israelites lived under Persian rule until the 4th century BC, when they were conquered by the Greeks.

In the 2nd century BC, the Israelites rebelled against Greek rule and established the Hasmonean kingdom. The Hasmonean kingdom lasted for over 100 years, but it was eventually conquered by the Romans in 63 BC.

The Romans ruled Palestine for over 400 years. During this time, Jesus Christ was born and crucified in Jerusalem. Christianity spread rapidly throughout the Roman Empire, and Palestine became a holy land for Christians.

In the 4th century AD, the Roman Empire adopted Christianity as its official religion. The Byzantine Empire, which succeeded the Roman Empire in the East, continued to rule Palestine until the 7th century AD, when it was conquered by the Arabs.

The Arabs brought Islam to Palestine, and the region soon became a Muslim majority region. The Arabs ruled Palestine for over 1000 years. During this time, Jerusalem became a holy land for Muslims.

In the 11th century AD, the Crusaders, a Christian army from Europe, invaded Palestine and conquered Jerusalem. The Crusaders ruled Palestine for nearly 100 years, but they were eventually defeated by the Muslims in the 12th century AD.

In the 16th century AD, Palestine was conquered by the Ottoman Empire. The Ottomans ruled Palestine for over 400 years. During this time, the Jewish population of Palestine began to grow.

In the late 19th century AD, the Zionist movement began to advocate for the establishment of a Jewish homeland in Palestine. The Zionist movement gained momentum in the early 20th century, following the persecution of Jews in Europe.

In 1917, the British government issued the Balfour Declaration, which expressed support for the establishment of a Jewish national home in Palestine.

After the First World War, the Ottoman Empire collapsed and Palestine came under British rule. The British government allowed Jews to immigrate to Palestine, but this led to tensions with the Arab population.

In 1947, the United Nations adopted a plan to partition Palestine into two states, one Jewish and one Arab. The Jewish community accepted the plan, but the Arab community rejected it.

On May 14, 1948, the day after the British Mandate over Palestine ended, the State of Israel was declared. This led to the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, in which Israel defeated neighboring Arab countries.

The war resulted in the displacement of hundreds of thousands of Palestinians, who became refugees. Israel also captured territory beyond the borders that had been allotted to it under the UN partition plan.

The 1948 war was followed by a series of other wars and conflicts between Israel and its Arab neighbors. The conflict has also been marked by violence between Israelis and Palestinians, including suicide bombings, rocket attacks, and military incursions.

Today, the Israeli–Palestinian conflict remains unresolved. The State of Israel controls most of the territory of Palestine, with the exception of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. The West Bank is under Israeli occupation, and the Gaza Strip is controlled by the Palestinian militant group Hamas.

The Palestinian people are divided between those who live in the State of Israel, those who live in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, and those who live in exile. The Palestinian people aspire to establish their own independent state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, with East Jerusalem as its capital.

The Israeli–Palestinian conflict is a complex one, with deep-rooted historical and religious dimensions. It is a conflict that has caused immense suffering on both sides. There is no easy solution to the conflict, but it is important to continue to work towards a peaceful resolution.
There is a disparity because Israel is more powerful and has walls, bomb shelters, and missile defense systems to prevent something like this. The 600+ dead in a single day is a demonstration of what happens when those security measures falter.
Yes, Hamas, who recently launched a horrific terror attack on Israel and has a stated goal of wiping out the Jewish state. The chart just shows that Israel has won the war so far, but if Hamas had their way they’d wipe Israel off the map.
Yeah, the ones cheering around a dead corpse.
Cause OP casually leaves out the rest if history.  Israel is just getting even at this point.
indeed. hamas/the palestinians refused all peace offers by israel and continue to commit war crimes in the thousands each year, deliberately targeting civilians.
Well who started each encounter? Wasn't Israel.
They will be another bar in this chart after this conflict, and just as much context around it.
Are you stupid or something? 
The context benefits Palestinians even more but the numbers speaks louder.
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMj9HFQ2n/
^[Sokka-Haiku](https://www.reddit.com/r/SokkaHaikuBot/comments/15kyv9r/what_is_a_sokka_haiku/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) ^by ^Ok-Room-7243:

*And they thought it would*

*Be a good idea to*

*Head into Israel*

---
^Remember ^that ^one ^time ^Sokka ^accidentally ^used ^an ^extra ^syllable ^in ^that ^Haiku ^Battle ^in ^Ba ^Sing ^Se? ^That ^was ^a ^Sokka ^Haiku ^and ^you ^just ^made ^one.
Any Deaths after 2020 were classified as Covid deaths.
Yah, one side has it in their constitution to genocide the other, the other side let’s Muslims leave peacefully in their country
Both sides are not equal and one side has shown significant restraint considering what the other side has declared in their public charter, hopefully the side that knows restraint will prevail in the end rather than the barbarians than rape and pillage because their God told them to hate people of other religions
One side has greater means to inflict harm on the other. When comparing the two you need to consider what each side would do to the other if they had complete control over them.
They're not equal, absolutely right.

One side is killing civilians left and right, regardless of ethnicity. Fuck Hamas hope they flatten the Gaza.
What if I showed you a graph: 

Billy killed 44 people

Bobby killed 2 people.  

Who's the "worse" person?  Billy right?.. 44 people dead.   That's way more than 2.  

Now we learn Billy is an Elite Marine and his body-count comes from war time defense of his camp.  Bobby murdered his GF and baby cuz he got mad one night.  Ugh?.. okay so *context* can change things.  

I'm not pro/con on this Middle-East shit. I think there's horrible assholes on both sides.  And I've heard of wonderfully kind people on both sides.  This ain't my fight. 

But this is just a chart.  A chart with limited information.. practically no information.  I just says Billy killed 44 and Bobby killed 2.
Rocks pretty hard to defend against sometimes
and what do you think the death count for israel would be if they DIDNT defend themself, hmm?
Biden just promised that we will.
That $3.8b a year that America gives is actually for the exchange of Israeli defense technology. They aren’t handing out money to Israel for free buddy.
$$$
Some lives matter more to you than others. So?
Yea, for many reasons. You can’t just ‘both sides’ every conflict. You need to take a stand. Ukrainians over Russian aggressors. Israeli’s over Hamas terrorists. Society and freedom over authoritarianism and barbarism.
I don't think this is making a comment on whether the conflict is dangerous or not. I'm sort of confused as to what your point is.
They’ve been waging the religious war since biblical times. There’s never going to be peace in the Middle East because they don’t want it. If they did, they’d just drop their weapons and say f this. But they won’t.
I don't believe swine flu was more dangerous than COVID, by the way.
Yea but why the western media think killing Palestinians is cool
Keep going, you're almost there
Imagine complaining about "far-right" while you post anti-semitic conspiracies about how the federal reserve is controlled by jews. https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/mxehv6/savers_loosers/gvpjd82/ you call other people fascist while being a jew hater. For people who dont know "follow the money" is a far right dogwhistle used by users on /r/conspiracy to imply jews.
Well, you're not going to find me siding with the people who think raping and murdering a civilian, then spitting on her dead body as it's paraded through the streets is a good thing or in any way ok.
At the very least, 300,000 people have died in Ukraine (including both Russian and Ukrainian).



In Mariupol alone, an estimated ~20,000 people died.



Since 1970, about 20,000 people have been killed in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
In the 1920s, there were anti-Jewish massacres in Jerusalem, Safed, Hebron, etc.

In the 1930s, the Arab Revolt killed hundreds of Jews.

In the 1940s, Palestinian nationalists incited the Farhud, a brutal massacre against the Jews of Baghdad.

In 1948, every single Jew living in East Jerusalem, the West Bank, and Gaza was expelled down to the last man, woman, and child. The Old Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem was completely razed to the ground.

The occupation may have radicalized many people, but it’s not the source of the violence that has happened today. Stop pretending that it is.
Antisemitic ass pretends to not be a lunatic conspiracy theorist in order to serve his antisemitism to a broader audience ^
Last I checked it was Hamas launching an attack on Israel this weekend. Let’s stay on topic. Hamas launched a barbaric attack on Israel, killed grandmothers, raped women, kidnapped children. This is not the time to post a ‘whataboutism’ chart on Reddit.
Eh I'll side with the people that won't kill me for being a westerner.
ironic because palestinians view jews as sub-human deserving of death while many arabs coexist peacefully within israel. you're literally on the side of genocidal maniacs. if israel wante an ethnic cleansing palestine wouldn't exist anymore. if palestine had the means to eradicate every jew on earth they would. that's the difference.
I wholly agree

“If Arabs put down their weapons, there is no more war. If Jews put down their weapons, there are no more Jews”

If you think you understand the Middle East based off a Reddit chart, well, actually, I’d say you belong on reddit
Has Ukraine kidnapped Russians from their homes and raped/murdered them?
Russian Ukraine is way different then the isreal conflict.

Both Palestine and Isreal suck hard. Where Russia was the clear aggressor in Ukraine.
>Never side with the oppressor/ Fascism/ apartheid/ ethnic cleansing or those that believe in a racial supremacist ideology, who view other people as sub humans.

Like Hamas consistently calling for the death of all Jews?
It’s almost as if Israel was attacked first…
Do you support rape, kidnapping and selling into slavery, gunning down civilians, and such?
Lmao, "fascism." HAMAS DOESN'T EVEN LIKE YOU, BECKY. If you're queer, woman, or non-muslim you're an infidel!! Wake up, you tankies are being ridiculous. Fuck Hamas. May their dreams of a terrorist state never arise. 

You supporters are the fascists.
It's especially crazy on twitter. People with the UKR flag in their name/bio calling for gaza to get levelled or how it at least would deserve it should Israel decide to do so. For many it's not about self determination and rights, they just like the bloodshed and feel morally correct for revelling in it.
https://www.cnn.com/2023/10/08/europe/israel-hostages-hamas-what-we-know-intl/index.html
If that were true then the Palestinians would've been exterminated 60 years ago.
They are. Not enough are on this chart.
you got that just by looking at death counts? This issue is far more complex than what this simple chart can convey. If given access to the same kind of destructive power, the Hamas would be inflicting far worse damage, considering their charter is to wipe out Jews from existence
This is what people don’t understand. If Hamas had the weapons Israel did, you’re damn right they would be slaughtering Israelis more effectively. People are so naive thinking they wouldn’t it’s childish.
[deleted]
This is really helpful info and it seems like you understand the difference between Palestine and Hamas as well as Jewish people and the State of Israel but I think it’s untruthful and presumptive to say “If Palestine could, they would absolutely seek to kill more Israelis” - 2.5 million people DON’T assault Israelis on a daily basis; Hamas’ (the terrorist group) charter says it’s their goal. The State of Israel and their IDF forces kill, rape, and maim Palestinians regularly. Plenty of footage out there of it happening even today. They’re a more humane terrorist group than Hamas, in some ways, but the State of Israel also terrorizes and murders civilians daily.
>is is a difference of technology and power, not intent. If Palestine could, they would absolutely seek to kill more Israelis, including civilians, women, and children as evidenced by the actions yesterday 

Supposing they could, would they?

For the Palestinians to match the Israelis militarily, absent some WW3-tier level of Iranian support, it would have to be a much more developed and rich country. Which is unlikely to happen with a group like Hamas in charge. Conversely if Palestine if had some semblance of an economy, it would be bad for business for them to start a war.
There is no context around these graphs. Who started each battle? How are the injuries categorized. Are we talking black and blues from. Rubber bullets or missing limbs? Break out of civilian vs military. This chart is all about removing context and creating false equivalence
If hamas didn't exist does this solve all the problems?
Any Palestinian fighters will be treated the same and be called terrorist because Palestine has no army .
What should they do the to not suffer from colonization.
Enjoy it?https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMj9HFQ2n/
You really think Palestinian-Israel conflict is just a religious war? You think the Palestinians just hate Israel simply because they’re different religion? 

“They have to learn to live together”…

Imagine Russians come and take 98% of your land because their religion tells them it’s their destiny, then tells you “hey man just learn to live peacefully and stop attacking our settlers”. And when you try to fight back, they just retaliate by murdering entire tribes of American remnants on the last few reservations they were forced to live on. Oh wait why does this sound so similar.
I mean it looks like that they let them.
But what were they supposed to do just enjoy the colonization? They're not dumb it's just a tragedy that an powerful army gets to demolish them because the media doesn't show what Israel is doing since the beginning fairly.
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMj9HFQ2n/
Truth hurts?
Yeah it's just a fucking chart, I don't know what happens here if the OPs are just fucking retarded or they just know the difference
palestine doesn't have a military, you dimwit
Thats what palestinians felt like for 75 years
Let's justify apartheid and genocide by saying "oh look at what happens when they lash out and attack into LAND THAT IS RIGHTFULLY THEIRS."
> What that infographic doesn't show is the attempted murder rate.

Ok, so what does that look like?
>Not just control you. Not just displace you. Outright genocide you.

So, what israel does on a daily basis then?
It's kinda cool honestly. 
The way it upsets ppl by just showing numbers
Why the numbers upsets u ?
It's just real numbers
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMj9HFQ2n/
They can't even build....the civil authority denies 98% of building permits that are absolutely required
> Yesterday Hamas murdered more people than have died on both sides combined in any single year prior according to your graph.

You must be very, very new to this conflict to think this. Sabra and Shantilla alone dwarf this and there are countless other incidents.
You can’t have peace with an oppressor apartheid state
Exactly, the Israeli deaths are terrorist acts whereas the Palestinian deaths are systemic.
They could add to this 'coolguide', the death toll LGBT and Hamas opponent in Gaza are facing...
Context is that a lot of it is through bombs being dropped on civilian populations and people being executed in the street.
You really should look up the population growth in Gaza if you think it's a genocide. Very ineffective genocide for a country with high tech missiles and airforce
So slow, the population is increasing!
“The past” lol
So if the Israelis killed 100 people, including your wife, in a "targeted strike" aimed at one fighter....

&#x200B;

Or maybe they just arbitrarily blow up a four story building with civilian women and children inside....

&#x200B;

You would sit and do nothing?
Ayyoooooo! Remember like 4 years ago when an Israeli sniper assassinated a reporter who was reporting on the indiscriminate killing of a child? Pepperidge Farm Remembers
Because they’re more effective militants with better tech?
Amen.  It's an internationally-funded terrorist state with one of the most elite militaries in the world and it's been lubelessy rawdogging Palestine's ass forever.

The only difference is that Palestine's recent retribution was caught on camera.
Cause you lack context of history?  Why don’t you look at the entirity of Israel’s existence.  The amount of dead from previous attacks is conveniently absent.
Did you actually try and understand the context? Why both sides are fighting? We're there peace attempts? Or did you just see click bait numbers and believed it.
[removed]
Yes, they are.
Y'all been on twitter lately seeing what the militia is doing...?
do you read history? because it doesn't seem like you do
What tf is this relavant. People are fucking dying you pig
Not necessarily.  Are these deaths innocent children? Terrorists? Soldiers?
Did you miss yesterday where Hamas members went after civilians and foreigners not involved? That’s just terrorism. You’re cheering on terrorism buddy.
not sure where you’re going with this… you can’t defend EITHER side. Guns and violence = death and it will only get worse the longer it goes on
[deleted]
Oh this thread is eye-opening on how ignorant and easily swayed people on reddit are. Show them some data without any context and voila they now know what the deal is. This thread is very important tho, it reveals just how many terrorist sympathizers there are right here in the west and people should take note as to what kind of people are around them.

Now let's just list all the things this "unbiased data" fails to mention.

1. Hamas uses civilians as a shield and Israel always gives warning before a strike, Hamas would never do the same. Israel strikes military targets while Hamas targeting civilians 

2. These numbers are also a disparity in capabilities. However every nation has the absolute right to defend itself against an enemy regardless of how technologically inferior the enemy attacking them are. If anything it just shows the absolute idiocy of Hamas and it's supporters.

3. Hamas and it's islamic supporters around the globe has made it clear that the genocide of the jewish people is their intent. I can assure you if Palestine was ever in control we wouldn't be talking about "apartheid" we would be talking about million of dead. If anything this shows the levels of restraint that Israel has shown against a genocidal enemy.

There are two sides in this conflict, civilization against a genocidal evil like Hamas or barbarism and terrorism support. There is no middle ground and arguing "both sides" is declaring a position for the latter. I will admit tho, it is refreshing to see reddit go mask off every once in awhile.
Yea, incredibly eye opening to the fact that Hamas efforts to kill israelis are much less effective than the other way around. Or do you truly believe that the numbers are from lack of trying from the side of Hamas?
There is a disparity because Israel is more powerful and has walls, bomb shelters, and missile defense systems to prevent something like this. The 600+ dead in a single day is a demonstration of what happens when those security measures falter.
This logic doesn’t work. Cops have killed many many more serial killers than serial killers have cops. This doesn’t mean cops are right, you have to look at why they are fighting, who has tried to stop the fighting and how, how each group treats its citizens, etc
I think we just saw yesterday what actual genocidal fury is.
Bulldoze gaza
Let's down play the terrorism and colonialism of the last 80 years by saying "both sides are bad"
"Military targets only"? Then why was shireen abu akleh killed? why are so many young palestinian killed simply for protesting?
They have nukes, anything less than the death of the total population of Gaza is "restraint". Does Israel want a cookie for not committing genocide? Occupation is violence, no matter what you compare it against.
Honestly it’s incredible this conflict gets as much attention as it does. Just for an example Saudi Arabi-Yemen conflict is one of the worst crisis of our time. 377,000 dead (both indirectly and directly) about 70% of those being children.

At least 4,000,000 yemens have been displaced by the conflict. Saudi Arabia is also backed by the US yet it is barely ever spoken about especially on Reddit.
Right, that’s a pretty simple concept most agree with, too bad it’s not the point and you’re obfuscating (or just very simplistic). Difference is If you think fighting back includes intentionally slaughtering and targeting civilians and kidnapping them, then you need to step in reality and get checked, not me, and don’t rely on false binaries as a “check mate”
Hamas attacks Israel first and kidnaps women and children on mass: 

Israel retaliates:

Edgy people on the internet: shocked pikachu face.
If Israel would want ethnic cleansing, It would have happened years ago.
In the 1920s, there were anti-Jewish massacres in Jerusalem, Safed, Hebron, etc.

In the 1930s, the Arab Revolt killed hundreds of Jews.

In the 1940s, Palestinian nationalists incited the Farhud, a brutal massacre against the Jews of Baghdad.

In 1948, every single Jew living in East Jerusalem, the West Bank, and Gaza was expelled down to the last man, woman, and child. The Old Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem was completely razed to the ground.

Today, the moment the security measures around Gaza faltered, nearly 1000 Jews were killed.

But sure, this is all one-sided?
Do you know how small gaza is? Its one of the most crowded spaces in the world.
I mean everything isreal does IA terrorism. Much like the united states.
You really think that gazan militias and they're homemade little rockets can stand against a nuclear state with f35s plus this graph also counts people in the west bank which is the majority of Palestinians
Not here because this is propaganda.
It is bails context from the perspective of proportional response.
Do you just want numbers before 2008? The number of rockets they fire barely matter of no one gets injured or dies.
You only start paying attention when it’s Israel suffering 😂
Tens of thousands of dead Palestinians just mean nothing to you

That shit didn’t come out of no where. Israel is a terrorist state and has terrorized Palestinians for 70 years
Look no one supports death on either side, but there's a reason why so many people all over the world support palestine. If you want to have an opinion on this issue, the least you can do is read up on its history (and not the propaganda type that's spewed in american/western media).
…

Did you read the data?
We definitely need some statistics that make Isreal look better
He didn't say anything, look at the graph and make up your mind.
Trying to justify Israel likely continuing it's streak of disproportionate responses will be too in a week or two
Galaxy brain(dead) Reddit eats (anti-Western) propaganda for breakfast because it makes them feel special for avoiding Western propaganda.
I'd be hard pressed to find more then a few hundred.... much less many thousands.
What's the advantage of gaining karma on Reddit?
No.  Truth only hurts if someone doesn't want to believe it. 

This is a graph, that's all.  This doesn't tell *any* other story than what it says.  

There's a LOT of factors and history that goes into this debacle.  Be nice if they could figure a realistic plan.. but I doubt that's happening anytime soon.  

And if your instinct is to go off on some biased rant pro/con.. just know I don't give a flying fk.  And no.. 99% of all people have no positive or constructive input on this issue.
If it starts from 2008, maybe. Let’s look at the previous 3000 years and do some math. Hell, let’s just start 1300 years ago when the Arab crusaders invaders Israel and took it from the Jews. I wonder which side killed more people
Have you seen the videos of people slaughtered in bomb shelters? 

Cars of people being shot up by militia? 

Yesterday had several acts of terrorism, and people make excuses or omit it.
Clearly deaths don’t reflect overall violence. Number of attacks would be a more fair metric but all this shows is a technology difference between Israel or Hamas, not total attack attempts.
End Palestine once and for all.
I would love to free fuck Palestine too, where do I sign up?
They need to try harder
All that needs to happen for any conflict to end is for an occupied country to abandon their aims of ousting their occupier.
Not rape and murder children for a start.
They could start by not raping and killing civilians and instead target military facilities that actually impact Israel's ability to wage war and oppress them.

Wait, but they didn't do that!
I would be happy if they didn't rape women and murder kids once freed.
> Gaza was the world biggest prison until they broke out the barriers yesterday

…and started killing and raping women and children. 

🤡
It’s from the UN - a source that may be biased towards Israel if at all
Bro the USA has over 300m people, it’s logically going to have more deaths than an area that’s maybe half of the state of Georgia?
I mean it's still banned for use in international warfare by the Geneva convention and tar gas can really fuck you up so I feel like tear gas exposure isn't a stubbed toe .
"The UN counts (injury) as an injury. This is a misleading graph"
I think the Israeli women who have been kidnapped and rapped are literally victims, prove me wrong
Do you include suicide bombers apart of this genucide?

how do you explain the inconsistency in the numbers throw the years? is that a Budget problem? 
political agenda?
try the Correspondence to the amount of terrorist acts commitet by arabs , or the numbers of rockets shot at an innocent population from gaza
It’s not as “simple” as religion for them anymore, they are fighting over land rights and humanitarian issues.
Spoiler alert: they are and they don’t
If MAGA hat assholes took over the country and smooshed all of LA County into Glendale, decided where I could go and what I could do, gave me shit healthcare with no alternative, and killed a bunch of people I knew for no reason I would definitely cheer on people getting on paragliders with machine guns.

Is that what you were looking for?
Totally not an Israeli bot
15 minute old account makes a 15m old post to call people cowards for finding nuance in the conflict.

Who is the coward, really?
What is Hamas article 13?
Redditor discovers war is never a solution to conflict 2023 (Colorized)
Maybe Israel should stop its apartheid, settler colonialism, murder, abuse, and oppression of the Palestinians. Did you know that just two weeks ago Israeli soldiers filled in wells in the West Bank with cement to cut off their water supply? They want to make Palestine completely and wholly dependent on themselves. It’s a fucking occupation, it’s goddamn colonialism. When the British colonized India, the Indians couldn’t do business with anyone except the EIC. The difference is that the British were like angels compared to what Israel is doing to Palestine.
Yeah man, that united nations propaganda is out of control. Show us the real numbers bro. Please
The truth on who the real problem is pretty cool to me, no one likes the russian occupiers just as much as other occupiers.
Israel bad posts are cool on Reddit
People are mad at Hamas because they murdered civilians at a music festival, went into air raid shelters and starting shooting people, and stripped a murdered woman naked and paraded her body through the streets while cheering.

You can argue about if their invasion/attack is justified, but you cant argue that the cruelty is.
Within the last 2 days, the terrorist group Hamas, which is the current representative of the Palestinian people, just launched a brutal and inhumane invasion of Israel. They launched many rockets and also attacked by foot, all targeting innocent civilians, kidnapping them, killing them, raping them, and parading around towns with their bodies. One of the largest attacks was also at a rave that was meant to inspire freedom.

This is the reason why people are upset at the Palestinians now: the blatant acts of unjustified terror against the innocents. There is never an excuse for attacking, raping, and desecrating the bodies of innocents. 

This “cool guide” being posted now is an attempt to manipulate the public opinion to forget these terrorist acts so more people will support Hamas and rally to withdraw support for Israel. Notice that the information in this post is not up to date. It only contains cherry-picked statistics that go up to 2020 that support the Palestinian agenda. There is no reason to post old news like this unless it is to support a certain political agenda, and the fact that so many redditors are not seeing through this blatant attempt at propaganda is really upsetting to me.
Yes, how dare all those Palestinians be injured and die.

Like, are we even looking at the same graph? Why would we be mad at the Palestinians when the graph shows how much more Palestinians casualties there are compared to Israelis.
[deleted]
If Palestine had air defenses the numbers would likely be similar. Just because one side has more kills doesn't mean the other side isn't trying to catch up.
in what year was the iron dome started to operates? did the graph changes before then? curious.
1 forced soldier with the backing of Uncle Sam versus 1,000 civilians.  No fucking shit.  The nazi state is fine sending Palestinians back to the slaughterhouse.

Netanyahu, Putin, Xi, Kim, Duterte, Trump, MBS, Bashir, and the rest of the cunty wannabe dictators need to be offed.
It's the same reason every time. One country got invaded and is occupied for a very long time while a slow and painful genocide is take place.
It’s just data. Why are you getting mad about data?
Are you implying that showing a ton of Afghans and Iraqis dying in comparison to Americans in wars that resolved nothing is messing with a "messege". It fractured 2 nations and killed over a million of people is an imbasillic conclusion?
So you're fine with an occupying force perpetuating asymmetrical warfare, funded by the US? You guys are awful.
That part of the world is so screwed up. They will continue to bash each other in the head with their simple and tribal ways of life. It's a shame they can't modernize and get away from religion. Such a drag
I agree with your post about religion , but this goes way beyond that. How would you feel if your family's home was taken from you, you were forced to live in a shante behind razor wired fencing, then got to watch as your home was bulldozed, then a nice apartment building was put there, but you were allowed to move in it because you aren't Isreali? That is what has been happening in Isreal for 80 years now.
You’re right about this not being a conflict among two equally culpable parties. Israel is solely to blame for creating the conditions that led to recent events.
Except Israel’s occupation and brutalization of Palestine isn’t a war between two large military powers you fucking idiot.
[removed]
So Palestinians don't deserve a home?
How is this lies
The United States government would absolutely beg to differ.
Taking a page from hitlers very own handbooks.
And then claim any criticism is antisemitism.
Cool, all of Palestine are my terrorists and they all should get their 72 virgins
I'm confused. What you trying to say?
The numbers don't lie.
Palestine has half the population of isreal, so it would look way worse
Well said
The what are the correct numbers and where do you find them?
shut the fuck up
Except Palestinians have been flinging rockets into the cities for years, and the only thing warping this graph is the fact that the iron dome exist.

💯 great logic lmao
100,000+ dead people from indiscriminate rocket strikes on homes but it's fine because they're 'probably all terrorists'.
It’s actually not low for Israel’s side at all theirs is significantly greater in total lmao. 

They killed 38 children this year alone. https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/08/28/west-bank-spike-israeli-killings-palestinian-children

Or is human rights watch biased now?
So cool to talk about muslims and Palestinians as a monolith. Also cool to ignore the continued massive encroachment of Israel into Palestinian lands. 

Your demonization of muslims tells me you're not a good person.
Do you have a link that proves these statistics wrong?
According to this graph, yesterday Palestinians murdered and injured more innocent israeli civilians than either side ever suffered in the entire conflict.
you should see the amount of money poring in to gaza , now that will realy shock you , considering they could invest that in their helth and education insted of booms
Some people make me ashamed
Statisca is the national german statistic authority.
It takes a small brain to not recognise the GLARING issue with this infographic. This would look very different if Israel did not have the iron dome. If given the opportunity, Palestine would wipe the Jews off the face off the earth. Yesterday was testament to that.
What would it be if it were posted on any other day when this hadn't happened? Like, I get your point and Hamas are not innocent in this, but there are usually reasons why people act the way they do. Kinda like how the reason that Israel has done this since 1949 might have had something to do with the way they were treated before that....
Yeah fucking terrorists, they have been killing the Palestinians over the decades but we weren't paying attention..
Maybe cause the data isn’t complete or clear yet 😲
You’re doing too much. OP simply posted data and didn’t say anything else. Take a seat.
How is posting facts on death counts antisemitism?
And have more means too....
How does the unabated expansion of illegal settlements and demolition of Palestinian homes in the West Bank protect the lives of their citizens from Hamas? TIL that lives are protected by evicting Palestinians from their homes or employing severe movement restrictions within the West Bank.

[France’s political coordinator Isis Jaraud Darnault also condemned “the Israeli colonization of the Palestinian territories” that it wants for its future state, and continuing Israeli demolitions, including a school in the West Bank’s Ramallah region on Aug. 17 which was financed by European donors including France. She also condemned violence against Israelis.](https://apnews.com/article/israel-palestinians-violence-killings-twostate-settlements-983aa4e1705d6f00ea708771e54e4edf)

Oh yeah, destroying schools will totally create peace.
Because Hamas uses terror tactics. People aren't exactly eager to cheer for an organization that launches rockets indiscriminately at cities even if it has a justifiable and noble goal.
It's crazy bc the idea of a human shield is that they arent supposed to fire on civilians. So you're just openly admitting how brutal and retaliatory Israel is that they have no qualms abt shooting through innocent ppl. 

That's their justification for bombing hospitals and residential neighborhoods. Well, that or just calling any Palestinian a terrorist whether they're innocent or not.
^[Sokka-Haiku](https://www.reddit.com/r/SokkaHaikuBot/comments/15kyv9r/what_is_a_sokka_haiku/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) ^by ^TheDragonDen:

*I mean it's a guide*

*To show the fuck around and*

*Find out coefficient*

---
^Remember ^that ^one ^time ^Sokka ^accidentally ^used ^an ^extra ^syllable ^in ^that ^Haiku ^Battle ^in ^Ba ^Sing ^Se? ^That ^was ^a ^Sokka ^Haiku ^and ^you ^just ^made ^one.
[deleted]
are you saying the numbers are wrong, or just that you don't think people should know them?
Finish the sentence. ….that you fell for
Debunk it, then.
He knew
That has happened. But that is not the cause of this, that barely even registers here
Partially. It is also because Israel has a government led by people whose goals are the displacement of the Palestinians. 

That doesnt make the Palestinians the good guys nor does it make Israel the bad guys. There is no defense of what the Palestinians are doing, but also there isnt a defense of Israel. 

Everyone sucks. Israel just sucks less.
Looks like Israel’s favourite passtime is f***ing around and finding out
Check on 13/55
that's so ignorant, I'm speechless.
> It's a religious proxy war over a meaningless strip of land. 

It's not a religious war. The Palestinians aren't mad about religion. That strip of land also sits next to the Suez canal which is worth $. There's a bunch of factors but religion isn't specifically the main one.
It should at least provide a little context on *why* it's happening, that it didn't just start in a vacuum. That doesn't necessarily justify *the way* in which it's happening, but the Palestinians didn't just wake up one day and decide to go on a bloodthirsty rampage.
Israeli defenses are pretty good.
They would hate and kill regardless. If it weren't jews, it be Christians, Sufis or Shiites. Barbaric backwards religion and people.
Unfortunately this is not a genocide millions of terrorist live in Palestine. Hopefully Israel completes an actual genocide so you can cry for the barbarians.
Well Israel should return the favor and complete a genocide. They lost in 1948 lost more land in 1960s and still dont learn their lesson. Its Christian land anyways, they fight over this religous land for nothing.
Maybe learn to read before you gloat. My guess is that in the nearly 3/4 years since 2020 more Israelis than just the 700 died.... on both sides.
Nope
No, I also was sceptical at first but the statistics can be verified here:  
[https://www.ochaopt.org/data/casualties](https://www.ochaopt.org/data/casualties)

Of course it does not justify any inhuman attack from any part of the conflict.
we can only hope
Yeah hopefully they get those Palestinian numbers up much higher
You do realize Isreals kidnap and rape Palestinians, right? Right? Oh  wait, that's right, that is not reported in western media because, you know, Jewish folks own most of those media outlets, and are just a little bit biased.
Imagine those stats without the iron Dome being present.
"Dont fight bullies, weaklings. Accept your place under our boots"
United Nations: [https://www.ochaopt.org/data/casualties](https://www.ochaopt.org/data/casualties)
[deleted]
One side has millions in foreign aide to support their military ..the other side is Palestine
Who will find the way?
Because Israel continues to colonize the West Bank so Hamas retaliates.
Settle more, please
Balance
They don't have the stats for that.
Israel has better weapons and bigger bombs.
Well, lets see, Palestine shoots a rocket that hits a single building injuring 20 Israelis. Isreal then uses twenty tanks and shells a Palestinian settlement injuring thousands and killing dozens. Its that simple.
After the first and 2nd entifada, and the walls were built.
you want a guide? sure just give me your address and i'll come around and violently kick you into the street some day without warning cause it's my house now. or if you'd prefer i can build a big wall around your property and cut off water, electric and deliveries until you eventually die or are so broken you agree it is my house now. either way works. 😁 /s
You need to look past 1949 then if you want to have an actual opinion.
You’re conflating what God is supposed to be, to what humans have done with “God’s Name” and the great values the Bible actually has. If you look at what happens when you put PEOPLE in charge of that system, it gets misused and abused by those in the “power position”. Greed, Pride, Wrath, Envy, when a “Spiritual leader” is consumed by those emotions, the system is bound to turn malignant. Your gripe isn’t “God” it’s “The evil inherently within ALL people”

Im not very religious myself, but I know the lessons/morals within the Christian Bible (The religion that I’m familiar with) are good and I hate seeing people blame the evil deeds done by humans to other humans in “the name of God” on God himself or what the idea of a God is supposed to stand for.
I'm more concerned about the fights with your bed. I hope you're getting good rest.
Is it crazy for people to start to care more when people that are more related to them are affected? You have to use both brain cells.
The Great March of Return, where unarmed Palestinians marched to the border wall of the Gaza strip
Don't try proving an argument by linking to social media; Wikipedia; Fox; or any other bastions of journalistic integrity lol
Based
Did osama bin Ladin achieve his goals with 9/11?  Not all wins are military.
>Anyone with a brain [...] is pro-Palestine
And doesn't fire rockets from the roofs of Apartment buildings.
If you want to argue there are no good guys, or the situation is complicated, that’s one thing. Saying Hamas is the good guys after they just butchered a bunch of innocent civilians and kidnapped numerous others so they can, based on past action, likely torture and kill their captives is hopelessly naive. Just because one side is doing bad things doesn’t automatically make the other side “good guys”. Sometimes everyone just sucks
Because they have so many civilians to sacrifice.  This government (Hamas) has been in power for years and is not trusted by its populace. Sure, most don't like Israel either, but they are being blocked in to the strip by their own and other middle east governments, not just by the Israelis.
If someone harms you, do you then have the right to utterly pulverize into the dirt not only tht person, but their children, parents, entire extended family; demolish their home, their neighborhood, target their hospitals, massacre their farm animals en mass, incinerate their fields, poison their wells; strangle them of what meager resources they had to begin with, & attempt to eradicate every last sign of their having ever existed- because *YOU can.*  Because this fight is not an equitable one, in terms of resources, wealth, weapons, strength, power, & organization.  

I would say what this graph illustrates is a clear disproportion of *ability to harm the other.*
what's your main account?
stfu
You are a moron. Israel has been in your case “brutally attacking and raping” your children instead of slapping for 70 years. Betrayed people who welcomed them in their land with the Balfour declaration. Evicted 750k people from their homes, proceeded to cram 2.2 million people in an open air prison around 60sq miles then processed to bomb it relentlessly, Blame Hamas for “human shields” which has no evidence at all, and even attack the West Bank with no Hamas. Strip rights from Palestinians for their entire existence making it so they have no power in court and any asshole can walk in and claim their property. Kill thousands, soldiers admitting to rape, extortion, torture, kidnapping, humiliation, murder, and other atrocities. And you have the ability to make the most stupid claim in existence? Fuck you, get educated or stop talking on the topic you heartless putrid waste of life. Not to mention by the way the amount of Jews who are getting imprisoned or shunned for speaking out disproves this entire moronic anti-semitism argument that those who are either completely brainwashed or have an iq of a rabid squirrel mutter around.
Calm down, Hitler.
[deleted]
>if you are blind you cant even read the comments

Not true.
well actually blind people have issues with their circadian rhythm so apparently its really common to have sleeping issues when blind. Source is blind friend
Yup, sometimes the color palette confuses me on these types of graphs or maps. Then I remember I'm colorblind.
I'm colorblind...not blind
#LostRedditors
Fun fact, that is not a fact. This is a bargraph showing total deaths and injuries in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict from 08 to 20.
Go isreal 
https://youtube.com/shorts/cGz0TzC2zTE?si=78xYn6ARrPt2Y9Be
https://youtube.com/shorts/_G8mBbzKXfI?si=Pmsklh6haximZQe8
It's a type of bias, problems with the data presented should be voted very high so everyone can apply it's own discretion.
The people have spoken
Hamas is that you?
Ahh I would say the split is more 50/50. You just hear from the most extreme on the fringes of the issue.
The UN? Pro-HAMAS propaganda you think?
True see this more propaganda 
https://youtube.com/shorts/_G8mBbzKXfI?si=Pmsklh6haximZQe8
https://youtube.com/shorts/cGz0TzC2zTE?si=78xYn6ARrPt2Y9Be
You are crying on Reddit. You do realize how cringe that is? There are also Israelis losing their lives if you didn't notice. Let's not forget about the babies being beheaded in the name of Islam.
That happens to me a lot on this sub. Then I remember "you're colorblind dumbass"
r/birthofasub
Well. This is going to have 100k in a year (hi, r/agedlikewine!)
And the *vast* majority of people killed and injured are civilians. This is how some people become martyrs and others become militant ideologues. It’s an awful cycle that ensures the killing continues.
Don’t worry it’s all fake numbers. Source: THE UN! 😂
Not wasteful if you look at it politically. Great reason to stay on power and get easy votes
...Allahu akbar?
And do what with it? What is the purpose of this infographic except for distorting the narrative?
Why do we NEED to see it.
Why does Reddit keep telling me the majority of Palestinians support Hamas
There are real government officials, they just aren't acknowledged by Isreal, and so by extension anyone else. Even showing support gets you call an anti semite. 

When you're trapped in an open air prison, your schools and water wells are bombed and destroyed, you grow up in fear and grief...let's put it this way, Isreal is a brilliant military force, they know these actions will radicalize civilians that would never agree with Hamas otherwise. 

So why do they do it?... 


I think a really good analogy that was used was "If you're a full grown adult, and a toddler comes and punches you in the ankle... what's the appropriate level of retaliation there? It certainly isn't to attack the toddler is it..."

Isreal has the iron dome, the most impressive anti missle system in existence... against homemade rockets. But without fail they retaliate with state of the art missiles.. against a place with no defense.

If I grew up like that.. I might see hamas as the lesser of 2 evils too... still evil, but not literally murdering my family and bombing what used to be the street I grew up on.

People act like the Palestinian people even have a choice..
Then why does Israel mainly murder Palestinian civilians?
Hamas is the result of Palestinians being a landless, stateless people who live under Israeli apartheid. You're absolutely right that the majority of Palestinians would much rather have a functional and internationally recognized government that actuallyhas the ability to improve their lives, but that's an impossibility for them under the current situation Israel has created.
Good that you tell me. I did not know this.
It's my understanding that Hamas was voted into power, presumably by Palestinians. Seems like they wanted Hamas to me. Are there historical details in unaware of?

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_Palestinian_legislative_election

Edit: 
My point really is that Hamas was elected, they didn't "take over", like it was a coup.

Plurality vs Majority isn't really relevant, assuming Palestinians understood their own electoral process. If they truly wanted to keep Hamas out of power, maybe some should have voted for the only opposition party with a chance to win, instead of all the small third parties. Sometimes you've got to be pragmatic about your vote, if there is a party you absolutely don't want to see come to power.

E.g. See American elections, and the current futility in voting outside of Republicans or Democrats.
Gaza is the largest prison in the world. Hamas is the prison gang. The people that Israel has trapped there don’t have a choice in the matter. Obviously young men are driven to joining them based on their circumstances. 

Imagine a power coming to your state and treating you like Israel treats Palestine. You would sign the fuck up too.

Not directing this towards you latetothegame. Just frustrated in general about how many Israel dick suckers this website has.
Hamas is only the most popular party due to Israeli letting them exist, whilst suppressing secular groups like the PLO. Hamas didn’t “take over”, they’re elected into the Palestinian legislative council. You are ignoring the historical conditions that have lead to Hamas being the most popular group in favour of Palestinian liberation.
While this is true, I'm pretty sure the Israeli state is far worse and more concerning than Hamas.
The majority of Arabs living in Gaza support Hamas.
Ironic that you use "took over" to refer to a resistance movement when the ones that literally took over Palestine were the murdering zionists.
So you’re saying it’s literally Israel vs Palestine then.  If they’re the government, they are the country. The feelings of some of the people that live there kinda don’t matter.
The majority of Canadians haven't been represented by Canadian governments for a long time.  As a country that's been occupied by Israel (even before it declared itself a country), Palestinians have it \*much\* worse.   Their attempts at democracy have been subverted by the occupation.
Wrong. The zionist propaganda machine continues to spew lies. It's the zionist state and its backers vs the entire Muslim world of over 2 billion Muslims. Quit shilling for the real terrorists (the zionist state and its backers).
Right, so they're muslims?
Except the majority of those who voted for them. And all those people celebrating the most recent attack
Thank you.  Not to mention Gazans themselves were not allowed to participate in the election.
It isn’t really fair to say “it’s not Israel vs Palestine, it’s Israel vs the people who control Palestine’s government.” It’s the government vs the government. There are plenty of people in Israel who don’t approve of their government or it’s actions, especially its treatment of Palestine, but they can’t get a liberal government with a significantly different approach to win. Don’t pretend that the issue is all of Israel and a few dozen Palestinian leaders that the people somehow can’t vote out of power despite really wanting to. If a terrorist organization runs your government and they were voted into power, then baring weirdness in your electoral system, half of your country wants a terrorist organization in power.
That's not going to stop Israel from slaughtering the Palestinians masses.
Hamas is an israeli invention.
Did you not see the videos of people dancing in the street whilst kids spit on a naked womans corpse?
Those casualties aren't Hamas dead and wounded. They're Palastinians.
Didn’t the people of Gaza democratically elect Hamas into power?
But Palestine will get punished for it anyway as they already did even before this.
Zionists love to down play their resentment towards muslims to arabs, down to palestinians, down to gaza, down to hamas, when they are actively being an apartheid regime and just suppressing a whole population of palestinians.
Why is state sponsored killings not considered terrorism tho? any thoughts?

Most of the murder of Palestinian civilians seem to stem from Israeli forces, so this would make Israeli forces the terrorists as well.
If they don't want them there, then why did they vote them in back then?

If they say they have no power to take them out, thats still on them. The people of Gaza allowed that to happen. 

If they don't like them that much, then why don't they do anything to get them out? "Ah yes, Hamas treats us like shit and gives us nothing to better ourselves. But they are aligned with our hatred of Israel so we can tolerate them being in charge". That is what those Gazabs are p utting forth when they want to be inactive on Hamas. 

Their hatred of Israel is what allowed this to happen. They hate Israel more than they hate Hamas.  Israel left Gaza to figure their own shit out with Hamas and look what they took. The people have a power to take that leadership out or someone else (israel) will do it for them. And they won't like how they will handle that matter if left to others.
Hamas is Israel's fault also.  They funded Hamas for years to take on the PLO.
… that’s not how sieges work.
Yes, that's what your media conveys. 
Why didn't Israel call it terrorism despite carrying out genocides every year since 1948? 
Literally thousands of families have been completely erased from the civil registry.
Glad somebody said this
It's not hard to imagine turning to violence when politics/diplomacy/world leaders have done nothing to help you in 75 years.

Not saying they're right, but I think a lot of us would turn out a lot like them if we lived their lives.
It bears un uncanny resemblance to the expansion west of America.  Slowly, but surely taking more and more land and resources.  When the people who have lived on that land try to fight back and stand up for themselves they are branded as savages and terrorists.
And people either miss, forget, or don't know of the peaceful protests that they'd attempted. The last major one was in 2018 and this graph pretty well shows how it went.
The only way out of this cycle is for Israel to end apartheid.

When people are oppressed, they will fight to be free. When people are denied access to civil life, they will fight in uncivil ways. Israel denies the Palestinian people access to both freedom and civil life. The clear result is organizations like Hamas.

You want to see the end of terrorism in Israel? Start by ending apartheid.
Justified or not it's unreasonable to expect an occupied people to behave any other way.
Palestinian terrorists be like: pew pew some missiles from buildings that are populated by Palestinian civilians. Israeli militaries strike back those buildings. I'm wondering how that Palestinians still smile and wait for strike back.
Good reminder that Israeli has been trying to do peace negotiations for decades and the idiots keep on attacking them.
I mean what war crimes tho? Just seems regular military activities and hunts
> Palestine and its people aren't all terrorists

Is anyone serious saying they are?
We can’t excuse the atrocities committed in the name of Israel and we can’t excuse the atrocities committed in the name of Palestine.

Israel is the US’s key to the Middle East  and the US is happy to fund an apartheid state to maintain their position. It says a lot that in almost any progressive UN vote, only US and Israel veto it.

There hasn’t been an election since Hamas got in almost 20 years ago in Palestinian territory. That of course is funded by bodies opposed to the US or the west.
The Palestinians deserved it, brought it on themselves, and they also lie about every statistic
Not really, it's very misleading. Graph starts in 2008, well after Israel had been building the West Bank Barrier to prevent suicide bombings. They should make a chart that goes back 10-20 years further and look at the numbers.
It’s incredible to me how quickly so many world leaders have condemned this attack by Hamas (and deservedly so), but haven’t said a word about Israeli atrocities over the decades.
good reminder that the israelis were there thousands of years before the islamic incursion into the civilized west. theres no such thing as a palestinian people theyre jordanian. they are all members of a satanic death cult (allah, the great deceiver, is satan)
I think it’s important for everyone to understand that there are no “good” sides to this conflict, there have never been. Israel is a horrible oppressive government that treats Palestinians like utter trash. Hamas is a terrible terrorist organization that commits mass murder and rape regardless if they’re actually Israeli or not. And the UN, and more specifically Britain might be the worst out of them all for starting this conflict in the very beginning
You fell for the propaganda.
You'll pardon me, but that's kind of mealy-mouthed. "Not saying it justifies it... *but*...." You're kind of saying it does. It "explains" it. Sometimes that distinction is an important one, because there is indeed a vitally important distinction between doing apologetics for a thing, and on the other hand, trying to analyze a psychological mindset, getting at motives behind a thing. Sadly, these are easy to conflate, as the latter can be mistaken for the former. So it is quite important to draw that distinction.

But in this instance, it doesn't work. Let's start with the dataset above. It's completely acontextual, just a list of numbers. It doesn't say anything about why or how those deaths occurred, as if this was a grudge match between two players in a video game, and we're just look at the damage statistics. If that's all we're looking at, it's easy to think, well, the Player Israel is really wailing on Player Palestine, so yeah, maybe Player Palestine needs to get a good hit on Israel just to help even things out a bit. But the real world isn't a video game, and conflicts aren't grudge matches.

What this doesn't take account of is that Hamas and Israel operate from completely different agendas and rules of engagement. Israel, first and foremost, basically just wants to be left alone. Hamas, on the other hand, is ideologically committed to the destruction of Israel. This is not an exaggeration. It's in their charter, in their propaganda, in their public statements, and even their official seal, which shows a unified Palestinian state compromised of the entirety of Israel and the Palestinian Territories. It is quite literally genocidal. They have explicitly rejected any potential "two state" solution. The closest they've ever come to that is that they've said they would consider a "truce" if Israel were to agree to give up Jerusalem and return to the 1967 borders, and to a Palestinian "right of return," which would effectively mean the end of Israel anyway. And a truce, of course, is no peace treaty, no recognition of Israel as a nation.

So, you might think, why are there so many more Palestinian casualties? Well, that's where the rules of engagement come in. Israel prioritizes the saving of lives, keeping its civilians as far away from danger as possible. When rockets are launched from Gaza or the West Bank or Lebanon, alarms go off, and Israelis go into bomb shelters. They've gotten quite good at this, so Palestinian attacks get blunted far more often than not, especially since Iron Dome came online. The Palestinians, however, have no Iron Dome. And even worse, Hamas emphatically does NOT prioritize the saving of lives, Palestinian or otherwise. One of their tried and true techniques is the "human shield," meaning that they will station their rocket launchers in crowded areas, with plenty of civilians nearby - in schools, near hospitals. Why would they do this? Well, in their ideology, they don't see deaths as a serious problem. They're a death cult; quite literally, they see death in glamorous terms. Those civilians will be rewarded as martyrs in the afterlife. And best of all, they can be used to make Israel look bad. So if I'm a sniper, I take several potshots at you, you might shoot back. But I've surrounded myself with twenty civilians. Try as you might, even with smart bombs and precision weaponry, you're probably still going to hit one of those civilians. Which means I've gotten you in a double bind. You can't exactly just let me keep shooting at you. Not if you're trying to save lives on your side. But on the other hand, if you shoot back, oh no! You're killing civilians! You murderous monster! Why, there's no difference between you and Hamas! And actually, it looks like you're worse - look at your big death toll! War crimes! Completely ignoring that the death toll only exists because I shot at you first, and used civilians as a human shield.

That's Asymmetric Warfare 101. I'm surprised so many people don't seem to get this. They think that they can just reduce it all to numbers.

Which brings me to my other point. As an "explanation" rather than "justification," this might be plausible, at least on a surface level, if Hamas said that it was doing this to Israel - sending its people into Israel, raping women, dragging their nude bodies through the street, and pulling a pogrom-style massacre against Israeli civilians - in retaliation for Palestinians who had been killed in prior exchanges between Hamas and the IDF. But curiously... that's NOT what they're saying, or at least, that's not what they're leading with. As a cassus beli, they're citing the fact that... some Israelis prayed at the Dome, aka, the Al-Aqsa Mosque. I wish I was joking or exaggerating. This is why Hamas is calling it "Operation al-Aqsa Flood." It's right there in the name. They did mention, as an afterthought, Palestinians killed in past conflicts, but that Al-Aqsa incident was the one they highlighted. Though given the months of planning that had to go into this, it's likely that this was also done because it's the 50th anniversary of the Yom Kippur War; the Al-Aqsa incident was probably just a convenient outrage du jour.

So no. It's no justification. But it's not even an explanation, because it's false, and as an acontextual matter, creates a false moral equivalency, obscuring more than it illuminates.
Right, because when Jews defend themselves against terror it's called "commiting war crimes" because Jews are simply supposed to let other annihilate them.
justifies hamas
>I disagree. It clearly shows there are questions to be made regarding the accepted narrative of Israel being the victims and needing international help.

I mean, yeah, sure... if you are stupid.

Everyone with half a brain though can realize that total casualty count doesn't have any direct correlation to who is attacking who more.  One side having very advanced defensive systems, like Iron Dome, can throw the numbers out of proportion.

Isreal being right or wrong, victim or attacker... if there was any other nation on the world that had to tolerate their neighbor, almost on a daily basis, indiscriminately slinging rockets into their cities, no one would bat an eye when they invaded and flattened the rocket launching neighbor.
It actually shows deaths and injuries for both. The thing is, for Israel it's barely visible because in the years presented they have \~10 fatalities per year, with the maximum of 88 fatalities in 2014. It's a very small percentage compared to the injuries, but if you look close enough you can see a thin line of blue at the base of the bars
Open your eyes. Did you not see the Israeli column? 

You not seeing it doesn't mean its not included. Look harder and make fewer assumptions.
comment-stealing bot
Basically same a official data by UN.
They have own data specialists. I don't think they make beginner mistake like they've never took stats class.

[https://www.ochaopt.org/data/casualties](https://www.ochaopt.org/data/casualties)

This one usually get lots of downvotes.
Some people don't want world to see this.
"War does not determine who is right only who is left" 

- Bertrand Russell, Nobel Prize Winner.
The military industrial complex wins.
Every time, no matter the outcome of the battle.
War is big money, and sadly, it's blood-soaked, but humans are despicable creatures, so there are those among society that would look past all that blood and just see money.
I mean it depends how you measure “winning.”

If it’s minimal casualties, land expansion, and eradication of an entire ethnic group from their homeland, the Israel government is absolutely winning.
Looks like Israel is winning actually
This is not a war, it is a massacre.

the “state” of Israel commits ATROCITIES against the Palestinians, and if they have the audacity to fight back, they are called terrorists
There is no winner... apart from Israel
Perfect example of this has been told very well in a recently published nonfiction book (albeit for a different war zone): 

[*No Good Men Among the Living: America, the Taliban, and the War through Afghan Eyes.*](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/17454723)
As long as Iran loses. We all win.
According to this graph there has very much been a winner
The recent attacks are absolutely a win for Israel. Im sure their military leaders are delighted that when media attention finally covers the region that its on the attacks made by Hamas. 

They created a situation where an inevitable, highly violent response to their apartheid state would occur and now they have an excuse to do what they have always wanted to do and eliminate the palestinians.

Dispicable, may they never find rest.
Russia needs to stop invading Ukraine.
But there is a perp and that's Israel.
seems like israel is winning
Idk, based on numbers alone it looks like Israel is winning. Golf scores right? Lowest wins?

Also, fuck apartheid.
I'd argue that Israel is the winner. The idea that because both sides are taking losses it means that both sides are losing is popular on Reddit, but the scale of the ratio with the losses is enough that it's easy to see that Israel is the clear winner here.

It's kind of like how if someone got a bruise in a bar fight and the other guy wound up hospitalized, we would say the guy with the bruise won, even if it took a hit or two himself.
*America has entered the chat
There is clearly one. It's like saying there are no losers in war on terror. There is clearly one.
...no I think judging by the body counts & territorial gains there is clearly a winner: Israel.
pretty sure palestinians will lose more in the end
Especially for Palestinians. I hope they lynch Hamas because otherwise this will continue
The US clearly won WW2
But there definitely is a bigger loser. Palestinian people have suffered oppression, death and cruelty by Israel for the last decade. Where was the outcry and support for Palestine when videos of Israeli soldiers shooting Palestine kids for fun was presented? Where was the support for Palestine when families have been forced away from their homes in broad daylight, for everyone to see? 

But now, when people finally have enough and the bomb literally explodes: „oh how tragic, war bad, fuck Palestine terrorists,…“ hypocritical world, we are living in
I dunno man, seems like the arms industry is doing pretty good.
Tf? Dude there absolutely are winners in war. How is the second world war not a win for America in any way or shape?
Well, nature is the winner.

Da da dam. I will take the door now. Thanks
What is taken by force can only be retrieved by force.

Independence is always taken.
Honestly this week is the first time I can remember that social media became somewhat on Israel's side
opposite of true
Bro "Free Palestine" was in every other fucking yt video or whatever on the internet.
Yes you do, your head is just so far up your butt that you can only smell your own bs

Yeah, the democracy is the one with propaganda and the internationally recognized terrorist regime is the voice of reason and truth (you know, the ones raping and murdering women and children). To avoid confusing you too much, this is sarcasm.
Would be interesting to see if they still think they're winning when other Arab countries start to chip in.
One side has some unguided rockets and small arms. Other side is funded by the US MIL with the latest military equipment.
Because what they news want you to think, and the reality of the situation for 20 years are two very different things.
It's like the saying: Sticks and stones may break my bones but my eighth largest military industry, nuclear weapons, booming intelligence agency and the support of all western military super powers will eventually help us win this religious imperialistic war with most casualties on your side and you'll not even be recognised anymore as a sovereign state.

But sidenote, if you do throw your sticks and stones we will let the entire world know that you are a terrorist and you started this conflict.
5000 rockets = stones?
Not stones. Rockets and guns. Don't play dumb, look at the news from yesterday.
Don't forget that hamas literally uses school children as human shields and that Israel drops leaflets before attacks to warn civilians to get out.
Good thing too! If Hamas had it’s way, every Israeli would be slaughtered. They have explicitly said this, and the surrounding Arab states have tried many times to do the same things.
Yep, we saw the attack Saturday and they all used stones.
A knock on the roof kills fewer than a bomb.
This should have the highest upvotes…
Well they still managed to sneak across the border and massacre nearly 300 Israeli civilians at a rave 2 days ago. Raping and torturing the women. Even kidnapping a few! But go on keep inferring that Palestine are so innocent and helpless.

Also This graphic completely fails to mention how many of these people were militants and how many were civilians.
And yet the media is trying to victimize Israel so badly. It's not a surprise considering which country is funding them

Self defense is terrorism/s
well, to be fair, the cement used to build underground tunnels into israel probably would have been better used for shelters. priorities yk
   
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=QmTjyDR29H0
They also didnt elect a government that embraces human shield tactics and will intentionally keep civilians in buildings to be able to parade out their corpses as propaganda against Israel.
Because they're funded by the richest country: the US
[deleted]
1) You're right. Israel is much more powerful, yet it kills proportionally much more civilians, not to mention the decades of oppression, apartheid, and draconian measures. Funny how you only mention their defense systems.  
2) You act like all Palestinians have been waiting for a chance to kill civilians when all they have been trying to do is free themselves from their occupiers, and get their stolen land back. In an ideal world, they wouldn't even have to try. Instead, they have to endure all the oppression and propaganda against them and stay silent.   
Civilian casualties should always be avoided. Free Palestine.
Huh.. so walls do work to keep people out
Its 5 thousand deaths (since 2008), the 10's of thousands are the wounded.
They are quite literally obligated to give a response after yesterday. From a political standpoint how could a leader not inact retaliation after an event as sinister as yesterday?
You're right.  Israel should just wise up and be passive about these types of attacks.

Right?
Maybe Hamas should get the message and stop the rocket attacks then
And Israel announces the strikes to minimize the civilian casualties while Hamas explicitely goes after civilians. The two sides are not the same.
90% of terrorism starts when you invade and occupy someone’s home with a superior army.

Wanna stop terrorism. Don’t invade. Keep your soldiers in your own country. Don’t starve your neighbours. Help them have a functioning economy, jobs etc.
Lol?

Please show me how when a rocket hits someone they can survive. How it doesn't destroy buildings. Because it does.

Israel has broadcasted all over the media, through every channel possible, that Gazan civilians should go to safespots which they listed. They also preformed roof knocking and other warnings to those in the buildings.

Hamas has been offered the carrot many times and that's been shown repeatedly to not work. In fact this war came out of nowhere with 0 provocation. Also you say 10s of thousands of Palestinians, from 1965-2013 there has been 21.5k+ casualties INCLUDING Israelis. 

During the past two days alone we've counted 700 Israelis murdered, nearly all of them civilians, with 2k+ injured and 100+ taken hostage.

Palestinians on the other hand have reported 313 deaths. Less than half the deaths despite us using much stronger weapons. 

But sure let's not consider Palestinians humans capable of free will and their own choices. Let's just say everything they do is Israel's fault. Oh but Israelis are also animals so Idk how this all works out... /s
Weapons from the USA.
Or… now hear me out… maybe the Palestinians stop firing rockets on Israeli civilians and then Israel wouldn’t need to counterattack.

Gtfo terrorist scum
Large portion of the deaths are due to the blockade, they count those. So many are not bombings, but things like inability to get certain medicines etc.
I remember reading a report from Amnesty or some humanitarian group in early 2000’s that really started to change my mindset on this. Israel would send their fighter jets and do low altitude sonic booms over Palestinian territory. Reports of schools and other buildings getting their windows blown out due to it. They were doing it during day and night. Just terrifying and psychotic
Hamas is hiding amongst civilians. Fucking cowards.
Much like Iraq, Afghanistan, and many others, when one side tries to fight fair, the damn war never ends.  This modern concept of wars is why these conflicts drag on and on.
Those rockets were pretty weak today….
The converse is also true. Hamas brutalizing civilians doesn’t help the situation either. Hard to understand what Hamas was trying to achieve with  what they’ve done. 

The only way any of this makes sense is if they did this at the behest of Iran to try to stop the Israel-Saudi Arabia negotiations.
4000+ Hamas rockets went past the iron dome during the attack on Saturday.
Describing the armed wings of Palestinian movements as civilians is an interesting choice of words.
So how do you explain the palestinian drone bombs? 

Or the cost difference between Palestinian and Israeli rockets? 

They're not incapable of fighting modern war with modern weaponry.
Ah man I’m so frustrated about Israel let me go invade rape and murder a German woman at a peace festival and parade her naked body through the streets. GTFO of here with your bullshit. That’s just one of the hundreds massacred.
You are focusing on militiary power. How about you try and figure out the end goal of each side. Hamas actively calls for the destruction of Israel and all of it's inhabitants. It doesn't matter that they are weaker. They are terrorists. Would you pick Taliban over US army because they are weaker? ISIS? Where do you draw the line?
Were ISIS also civilians frustrated with their government?
[deleted]
>only more one sided

look up guierilla warfare and Vietnam. Realise that military stregeth only matters when trying to project force.
That’s a wild thing to say after watching the videos coming out of Israel.
Yep, we saw Israel attacked with stones over the weekend. That was it.   


[The Hamas killed 260 peaceful festival goers with stones.](https://www.cnn.com/2023/10/07/middleeast/israel-gaza-fighting-hamas-attack-music-festival-intl-hnk/index.html)
There are plenty of examples of the opposite happening, like in both world wars and in the winter war. If anything, having more soldiers is correlated both with winning and with having more casualties.

It’s better explained by the fact that Israel has advanced weapons systems and regularly carries out raids on Palestinian civilians/military targets, while the Palestinian actors have more rudimentary military capabilities and aren’t usually in a place to capably carry out acts of violence.
If Russians walked the streets of the US killing civilians. How many Americans would just accept their fate?
That's how you see this? You think Palestine "provokes" and Israel merely "retaliates and defends itself"? Israel has all the power (with America's blessing) and keeps taking Palestinian land. Palestine has been made into an open air prison with Israel controlling what and who goes in and out. Because of Israel's colonialism, Palestine can't, in any way, be called an autonomous country, which means Israel is apartheid state subjugating a majority population to brutal minority rule. It may be a "futile" battle, but how are westerns so clueless that they can't understand that Palestine hasn't really been given any other options? Do you think if Palestinians asked nicely enough they'd be given equal rights and citizenship?
Actually because Israel is the number one benefactor of the global neo-colonoliast war machine that the American military-industrial complex has unleashed on the earth.
Framing it solely as Palestine is provoking and Israel simply defending it is such a horrifically uneducated and biased take.

Israel is recognised as being an apartheid state by amnesty international and human rights watch. They have shot kids for throwing stones, killed a journalist and beat her coffin bearers at her funeral, and continue their illegal expansionism into the west bank, encouraging settlers to evict Palestinians from their homes and kill them. 

When will you argue for palestines right to defend itself (not saying what hamas has done is part of that or in any way right)? When will you acknowledge Israel provokes Palestine?
As someone who has actually experienced it, yeah it is absolutely an injury like it feels like your eyes and nose and mouth are being stabbed and you physically cannot open your eyes, if any other physical assault had such complete incapacitation and pain, what would it be if not an injury. Not to mention the recovery time and the fact that if you don’t wash everything you touch you can actually give yourself a small dose later, that was a fun fact to learn
Which side is reliable?
> Google "Israel iron dome"

What year did Israel's iron dome system become fully operational?
Google "Israeli Palestinians death comparison before 2011" (when iron dome came online).

Or just look at the start of the chart because it's right on there before iron dome and Israel was still drastically less harmed by Palestinians than vice versa. 

Buy you don't care about facts and reality.
Israel kills these people
Not only do they build rocket emplacements in highly populated areas but they also steal a portion of the concrete that is brought into Palestine and dilute the remaining amount to hide it.   This means that the buildings often suffer catastrophes collapse from counter attacks that would otherwise cause minor damage because they are made with weak diluted concrete.
How does correct data look like?
95% is not accurate then is it... Multiply Israel's injuries numbers by 20 and they're still under Palestine's numbers...
Are you a full time reddit commenter, further to that, specifically on this issue?
Are you from the Star Trek "mirror mirror" universe?
> This massive difference is the reason why.

This massive difference is because of the actions of Hamas.

They fire rockets at Israel who shoot them down and then counter attack the location the rockets came from so they can't do that again.  Hamas likes to build these rocket launchers in highly populated areas to increase the death toll of their own people from the counter attacks so they can use it for propaganda.  

It worked on you.
Wouldn't really call it beautiful. More like data is depressing.
Wouldn't really call it beautiful. More like data is depressing.
Each portion of the bar represents a person, it definitely shouldn't
but this data is not in fact beautiful
It should be only on a group which supports terrorism supporting propoganda if such exist.
It's a stacked bar graph with two data points with insufficient use of labels. Maybe r/data?
It’s not particularly beautiful. There’s no way to separate deaths or injuries per year from casualties, it just encourages you to guess, based on percentage of the bar colored.
IDF Hasbara brigade, more likely.
ITT: People horrified by Hamas's actions and newly sympathetic to Israel. Say what you will, but mass murdering and raping innocent people at a music festival erases all good will.
People: *react flippantly to casualties in a decades long conflict that’s just exploded again*

You: “Butthurt”

Dude, you’re terminally online
I wouldn't bother reading/putting weight into these faceless comments. Not on this topic. Most of what we will be seeing will be either bots or shills. I posted this to someone else, but remember that you'll be dealing with [the OG disinformation guys.](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2023/feb/15/revealed-disinformation-team-jorge-claim-meddling-elections-tal-hanan)
Israel: STOP RESISTING
But didnt you see? They raped and kille, etc!

Lol like its a good thing Reddit only cares once that cruelty happens to israelites and settlers and not palestinians, and seem to act like this violence erupted out of no where or as tho palestinians dont live in occupied territories.
Literally the first part of the posting guidelines: 

>**Post Requirements** To help keep things nice, searchable, and maintainable, all posts must be prefixed with "A cool guide".
Because it’s the name of the sub 🤦‍♂️
it's sarcasm

it;s like when "honest government ads" says "COOL AND NORMAL!" when discussing govt corruptioh
Reddit sucks. I'm done with this. ` this message was mass deleted/edited with redact.dev `
That's not why prior are dislike this image, but let's play pretend.
> Removing the context can be a form of bias.

What context are we missing?
Yeah, but a graph from the UN with no context omitted and everything labeled isn't bad data, as long as you consider the source
And in this case, it literally is. It's immediately obvious that they're trying to paint this as "Israel clearly bad/deserved this/whatever" but they're missing the context that this *isn't for a lack of trying*. Hamas sends rockets over all the time aimed at civilians. Just because Israel is better at stopping attacks, doesn't mean that they're any worse. 

Yeah Palestinians have rocks and Israelis have guns, but Palestinians still attack Israelis with those rocks and accordingly win the Darwin award for it - hence the numbers on this graph.
True, Brits get a lot of shit for stuff like the Bengal famine because anti-British groups keep the fact the place was occupied by the Japanese (who caused the issue), so we couldn’t do anything anyway. 

Without context we look evil, with context it becomes “yea fair enough”.
Most of you have heard about the case only this year 
For decades, Israel has been killing and bombing homes, carrying out several genocides, gradually seizing land, exterminating several towns and villages, and thousands of Palestinian families who have literally been wiped out of the civil registry. 
All this is under a media blackout supported by America, why didn't anyone talk about this? 
Every year we see several children or what remains of them buried every year at least hundreds of funerals, and most of the time there is no funeral, but a mass burial because the graves are full and mortuary refrigerators
Disgusting hypocrite
Tbf you can do a lot of lying with just data. What data you choose, what data you don't, how you present the data, etc.
The first thing I was taught in statistics is that even factual numbers can be used to lie and misrepresent the truth.
I think the issue is that this is a fabricated set of statistics. It says "source: united nations" but no such numbers are provided by the united nations.
[deleted]
Don't check OPs profile, he also has takes like "all Germans are Nazis"
Sure, but it still ultimately cold statistics that you can apply to your opinion however you please.
So?
No.
That's required by the subreddit rules.  Now whether it belongs here is another question (that should be answered by the mods).
No, you can use it to understand the motives (the frustration of the Palestinian people is not unfounded) but still denounce the horrible actions of Hamas. Hamas could not have existed (in any relevant way) without the repression of Palestinians by the Israeli state, who also bares responsibility and has blood on its hands.
So are you saying usa was the moral ones in those situations?
That would be a great way of showing who was right and who was wrong
Is the information from 2008-2020 inaccurate now? There aren't more deaths or injuries happening in 2010 to change these numbers now.
No, it is a simple reminder that hate is always a consequence of actions and war is never the solution.
By that I don't want to justify what Hamas has done or Israel will do...
They need to sit at a peace table and solve their controversies, simple as that. Otherwise they will keep killing each other for the rest of the century
What? Nah man they wouldn't post stuff to push an agenda... and if they did I'm sure most people would be able to recognize that OP might have an agenda.....


Oh what's that? The average redditor swallow whatever propaganda they agree with politically?
Whenever politicos try to talk peace through the fog of war there will always be some looking to set fire to the enemy and undermine the talks. The strength of any terrorist organisation leads directly from how well they frame their cause. And being an underdog cornered by a superior force is an easy bag for desperate people on the losing side.
Straight up the most key comment in here.
I did say it's the Israeli government. Blaming the citizens is counterproductive. Again, the existence of Hamas wasn't unprovoked.
Isnt every country technically built on stolen land but to be fair governments are really just never listening to citizens when it comes to war about 70% of israelis want to just combine forces with the gaza strip and just make peace (speaking as a jewish) i dont hate palestinians or arabs they have delicious food and to be fair i really dont understand why the government hates palestinians this much.
I'm not saying that something like it shouldn't exist. It's clear at this point that the Hamas are in it for more than just the Palestinians.
Exactly which is why Kendall Jenner should be put in charge of peace
Underrated comment
Didn’t Pepsi once have the world’s sixth largest navy?
Pepsi has literally been designated as a sponsor of war by Ukraine.
When the pandered to don't take kindly to the pandering
We’re just one coke away
The opposing party would definitely go for coca-cola
Coke is better

Apparently peace festivals near people with who preach hate with genuine intent to murder you are not the kind you can sway with flowery words or a nice refreshing coke.
Gotta love the admins for removing a joke comment but not the dozens of people calling for genocide.
Thats the only way to stop humans from killing each other
The Eren Jaeger method
Skynet has entered the chat
Let's just send waves of humans at each other and call it The great war.
This comment 😂😂 I fuckin love you
I’m not sure what it was, but my guess is a certain Bender quote.
The death toll of violence by secular ideologies massively dwarfs religiously motivated violence.
What like the USSR? Or China?
Some wars are fought in the name of god
And if there is a god, he is bad at his job
Belief in God is a big reason for the wars.
You're right, first we need to stop God
Are you saying that wars will always exist in the real world and the only place they might not exist is in make-believe land? I might actually agree with you on this.
This is a war between muslims and jews.
Dude, why do you think Israel and Palestine and fighting over land in the first place?
Or they could move. Billions of people moved to other area when their current place is no longer hospitable.
Nothing is gonna help period
If you look at the history of the israel palestine conflict, that's false and defeatist.

Also, as I understand it, to speak very broadly, that was a view many held after the Roman conquest of Palestine and the fall of the terror fortress of Masada.

Many israelis, ironically, will tell you, one of israels greatest strengths is rejection of that defeatism.
Brother isreal can shut off electricity in the gaza strip at will (which they've done which is a human rights violation), over 90% of water in the gaza strip is toxic.

And now hamas captured 100s of israelis and hold them as hostages all throughout gaza in hopes of not being bombed to abaolute smithereens.

These are not two equally strong sides battling each other, israel is an apartheid state and the oppressed are fighting back
Exactly
I am in no way defending Hamas but Israel has facilitated the conditions to breed these terrorists by making Gaza an unescapable prison.
I mean, I don't think anyone is claiming Palestinians don't have blood on their hands. It's just that one side is rebelling against the other. Yeah it's a complicated subject but the fact of the matter is still that it's an asymmetrical war.
Stupid people don’t handle nuance well.
[deleted]
Correct me if I'm wrong but Palestine voted Hamas in powerr with a large majority of support?
because Hamas is a widely supported and an elected group to the Gaza Strip.
Hamas is the popularly elected government of the Gaza Strip. It’s not a random organization within Gaza. It’s the popularly supported government.
Why do they need to be freed by a genocidal terrorist organisation? Why can’t it just be for self preservation?
[deleted]
The thing is in any oppressed people there's always going to surge a group of resistance. It's the argument of every movie where the USA cheers for the rebellion, but not here, and it's not like they are not paying the price in LIVES...
Educate yourself on what Hamas truly is and then circle back and try again.
I hope nothing ever happens to your children.
This highlights the hypocrisy - which then highlights that the 'moralist' aren't actually concerned with the morality of any of this - and are just here to socially engineer the masses.
You suck at trolling. I’ve seen bowling balls with more edge.
Palestinians do not have freedom of movement between Gaza and West Bank nor Israel. Israel requires permits since the 1990’s for Palestinian movement and has many check points and random closures that have heavily decreased economic and human movement since the 1990’s.
If they leave, can they return to their lands?
Are you ignorant, or a propagandist?
Okay and Hamas chanting "exterminate all Jews" doesn't sound genocide-y at all.   Just because they suck at what they are trying to accomplish and only a few of their rockets have made it past the iron dome doesn't mean they have their hands clean here. Hamas has always hid behind civilian shields, there's nothing new about that.  The IDF literally sends warnings (texts and more importantly 10 min warning roof nocks) before it attacks buildings to minimize civilian deaths, let me know when hamas does anything even remotely close to that.
Around 30,000 Jewish civilians died each week during the Holocaust. Using data from Vox, and extrapolating for the 75 years the conflict has been ongoing, an estimated 37,500 Palestinian civilians have been killed since 1948. Slightly more Palestinians died in 75 years of "genocide", than Jews in a single week during an **actual** genocide, the Holocaust.
attempted genocide. The murderers are poorly armed, and keep getting their asses kicked.
Til 5,000 deaths is genocide. 

We know what happens if the gaza strip is occupied by israel. Because it was for nearly 40 years.

You want to see actual genocide? Imagine if palestinians/hamas won the war today and controlled israel.
You're getting down voted, but regardless of what side you agree with (or if you're impartial), that is legitimately what the aim of Hamas is, that's just a fact. The reason Western countries send so much arms to Israel is to prevent them getting massacred. Israel is wrong to abuse that power, but they're given it for a reason.
Israel has been carrying out a gradual land grab and genocide on Palestine for decades. Mass murder is what they should be judged on.
No. Israelis have state of the art missiles supplied by the west, Hamas is firing piece of shit rockets (that can still definitely kill) but are nowhere near the efficiency, accuracy, or yield of Israeli armaments. It’s not even close. Even without Iron Dome there is a gargantuan power imbalance
Without Iron Dome, I think Israel would just hit back harder. It could be saving countless Palestinian lives, in a weird twist of intentions.
How dare Israel protect their innocent civilians from attacks aimed at maiming and killing them
I wonder how many of the Palestinian deaths are from Palestinian rockets that missed.
It would be significantly higher? Iron Dome is a surface-to-air missile defense system. It targets rockets and artillery shells. While it most certainly can be made to hit surface targets with frankly abysmal affect, that isn't what it is used for, as there are cheaper and far better options for inflicting damage
Look at the history before they had the iron dome and tell me how different it was.
Iron Dome didn't exist until 2011 and the parity (lack there of) in Israeli deaths was still much lower. Iron dome, obviously, by the data isn't the determining factor in the much lesser number of Israeli deaths.

Kind of odd how once Isreal got it and could act with greater impunity Palestinian deaths skyrocketed.
But they do have the iron dome. Could have spent all the money it cost to better Palestinian lives and this would end but they'd rather take their homes.
If Isreal didn't have the Iron Dome they wouldn't 'be forced' to completely take over or destroy Palestine. 

There would simply be no other choice. 

So both sides would have far more casualties.
Iron Dome is great, and protects innocent people. I don't want to minimize the rocket threat,  but intercepting unguided qassam and grad rockets doesn't save lives at anywhere the same rate as the Israeli response takes them.
https://www.un.org/unispal/document/auto-insert-208380/

The ratio isn’t that different before 2008
> Why does the "guide" start specifically at 2008?

Do you think the ratio was much different prior to '08 during that Intifada?
Also HAMAS won the election in Gaza Strip in 2006.
Hamas took over Gaza at 2006, so nothing major happened if I recall correctly
I agree, it should start in 1948 when the first massacre happened (Deir yassin)
“Until they all die”

Their population has doubled in two decades with no sign of decline.
Are you saying no country will take Palestine refugees?
Definitely was
Chatgpt is tuned to replicate academic reporting and factual reporting so I suppose the better question is “why does chatgpt read like academic theses and news reporting”.
Completely left out the Arab invasions of Israel
Because it writes better and more legible than humans. I think I may have become fully cynical.. I would rather read ai and use self driving cars, then live another moment with stupid ass humans.
I was about to say the same thing
As I was reading the last paragraph I immediately thought the same thing
Ai detectors are terrible, even turnitin, says my 3k word essay that I completely manually wrote, is 90% ai
The US Constitution is also at 94%.
So?
Yeah, I noticed the nonsensical 1000 year thing too. I just want to add a couple of things that should add to the context and create a better rounded and clearer picture.

* Firstly, the Israelites weren't entirely monotheistic by 1200bc. They had just been regular polytheists (pagans) like everyone else but they began to mysteriously adopt monotheism around the year 1500bc and they would continue to become increasingly monotheistic over the centuries. Then, in later centuries, they would attempt to project their monotheistic culture onto their older traditions trying to give them the appearance that they had always been monotheistic.
* Secondly, the summary referred to Jesus as "Jesus Christ" which is not the best choice in this context. 'Christ' is not a name. It is a title. It is a direct ancient greek/latin translation of the word 'moshiach (messiah)'. He was originally referred to as 'Jesus the Christ' and that got shortened to 'Jesus Christ' over time. It feels important to mention this in this context because the google bard summary tacitly referred to Jesus as if he is universally considered to be the Christ when it is specifically Christians that believe Jesus to be the Christ. Jews do not consider him to be the Christ and only some Muslims do. The difference in this belief specifically is the very root of the divergence between Christians and Jews. Christians were Jews who believed that Jesus was the prophesied Christ and those who we call 'Jews' today are descended from the Jews back then who did not believe that Jesus fulfilled the prophecies.
* Thirdly there is the 1000 year thing but you already covered that.
* And finally, it neglected to mention the most important parts that really caused this conflict. And this only really happened during the past 100 or so years. You see, The Jewish diaspora have long been oppressed in different parts of the world for millennia since their population is so small and they have long wanted a home of safety for themselves. The reason their population is so small is because they are not a religion that converts outsiders like Islam and Christianity does. The population of Islam is around 2 billion people and the population of Christianity is around 2.4 billion whilst Jews are a measly 15 million. That might give people some perspective. So the late 19th century saw Jews begin calling for a homeland (multiple places were proposed but they eventually decided upon Israel) but the modern Zionist movement only came to be with the onset of the Dreyfus Affair. The Dreyfus Affair became a massive internationally known French scandal at the turn of the 20th century which I won't go into as it would be too long. Basically, a French soldier got imprisoned and many people were convinced that it was because he was Jewish. The allegations of corruption against the French military sparked widespread antisemitic riots in France and Jews felt more than ever that they needed a safe place. At the beginning of the 20th century, many Palestinians became antizionist which is sad to see because, people might not realise this but, the Islamic world had long protected Jews and gave them shelter up to that point. Christians had long hated Jews and Muslims would go out of their way to protect them. So even before the 1917 Balfour declaration, Jews were already becoming increasingly unwelcome in Palestine. The situation was made worse when the 1916 Sykes-Picot Agreement was embarrassingly leaked which revealed a secret plot between the Entente countries (Britain, France, Russia) to betray prior British-Arabian negotiations and partition Ottoman lands yet to be conquered. This included Palestine and Palestine was eventually conquered by the British the next year allowing them to make the Balfour Declaration. The Arabs felt that they had been betrayed in favour of Jews. And this resulted in the expulsion of Jews from Arabian lands into Israel in 1948 as well as 3 wars over the next 50 years. Understand the Geography of the region and you might understand why Israel is so aggressive. Seriously, just google image 'levant map' and you will see. They are surrounded with their back to a wall. They have Lebanon and Syria on their northern border, Jordan and Saudi Arabia on their East, and Egypt on their West. All their other borders are either the Mediterranean Sea or the Red Sea. They are surrounded and I do mean that. In 1945 all of those countries plus Iraq formed the Arab League which sought to fight for the Palestinian cause. As soon as Britain left Israel in 1948, they attacked. So right from the beginning, the Jews were made unwelcome there and were put into a constant state of fear especially as the wars kept coming. When your back is against the wall, the only option you have is to go all out and be as aggressive as possible. This is why Israel's military is so strong. They faced existential crisis every day whilst the Arabian countries around them did not.

So the Jews are a small minority that never really had a home except the one they have wanted to return to for millennia and that home is completely surrounded by coalesced enemies that want to kill them leading them to become violent in return. And the Arabs want it back because it was taken from them by the British and given to someone else. It's all really one giant mess but when you look at the history and the politics, you realise where all of this behaviour comes from. Neither side is necessarily right or wrong and this is just the consequence of living on Earth, a place where there's too many people and not enough land. In my opinion, the Arab League not accepting the UN Charter for them to share Israel together was a mistake. They have a long and proud tradition of protecting and sheltering Jews and they could have understood that Jews had nowhere else to go. They weren't giving up Israel but just sharing it with them. There was really no need to begin the hostilities in the first place in 1948 but it's too late now and what we're seeing today is a product of all of this. But I possibly don't know enough to have such an opinion.

Edit - grammar
Wtf you are talking . Do you have any idea when Islam came to greater Syria. It’s by second Khalif of Islam , umar who captured Jerusalem without bloodshed. And that’s why people converted to Islam from 636. From that time it was mostly muslim living with Christian minorities. And later  crusade captured the city and conducted a bloodbath to restore back the population composition from Muslim Majority to Muslim minority. And later Saladin reconquered the Jerusalem without much bloodshed and Muslim majority again restored. 

Most of the era of Muslim rule , there was change of ruler but there was not “Any major” siege happened and that’s why it’s relatively stable era. So study and comment.
Why is all criticism of Israel’s behavior called anti-semitism?

They are not above reproach and it’s been one of the most successful propaganda campaigns in history that anything against them makes you an anti-Semite 

nobody is under any obligation to support Israel in anything they do that does not make you an anti-Semite.
Lmao, it’s an extremely complex geopolitical history and your “bedtime story” is invented Eurocentric hogwash.
Jesus is a historical figure, the magic just isn’t.
Facts hurt your feels?
Israel are allies with the west, hardly surprising what gets reported and want doesn't in this conflict.
How do you find this info ? Don’t you have any humanity left.
You can’t kill 3 people to save one. It’s not a justified counter measure for Israel to decide that Palestinian lives are worth so much less than Israelis.
Israel also uses its people as human shields. Why do you think Hamas was able to break into civilian territory so quickly? Cause Israel encouraged civilians to establish settlements up to the border.
i need you to thoughtfully consider the fact that you may have been fed propaganda
How much do they pay you?
We spotted the jew
Fair point. I don't know enough to sway either way, I just pray for peace.
I honestly think that there is an agenda when it comes to online discussions regarding Israel and Palestine. I am not saying all accounts on one side or the other are fake, but I think there have been narrations that have either been crafted or heavily influenced by propaganda from one side or the other. 

That said, what has happened sucks, but it isn’t unexpected. If a ‘powerful’ nation persecutes and takes land from a weaker group (just short of complete eradication) that weaker group will reach a breaking point and extreme measures can take place. So in a way, this behaviour could have been prevented, but the dominant powers that be clearly haven’t or don’t want things to have had a different outcome.
False equivalency, two very different conflicts with very different events. That argument brings no justification, just a list of reason why they differ.
That pretty reductionist. Its not palestine attacking its hamas. And I believe everyone agrees that hamas is wrong here. what they re doing is absolutely astoundingly vile. However in both sides the civilians are gonna suffer due to extremism and hatred.
Or they'd result to employing far more brutal violence to conclusively wipe the Palestinians off the map because of a lack of overwhelming superiority, themselves.  Either way, the numbers would be far worse.
I mean its not that everyone is entirely a terrorist. I agree that you must defend yourself against extremists but antagonizing everyone on the other side doesn't really make you right.

&#x200B;

Anyways , If ur in israel I hope you and your loved ones are safe , its absolutely wild whats happening and may things get better. stay safe
Hamas fired [3,500 rockets at Israel in one day.](https://apnews.com/article/israel-palestinians-gaza-hamas-rockets-airstrikes-tel-aviv-11fb98655c256d54ecb5329284fc37d2#:~:text=Throughout%20the%20day%2C%20Hamas%20fired,Saturday%20morning%20attack%20shocked%20Israelis.)

In terms of sheer tonnage of ordnance expended, Israel has Hamas beat, but it’d probably be pretty close. The main difference being the Israelis at least have Iron Dome to protect them from suffering heavy casualties, [with a 90% interception rate.](https://www.science.co.il/Arab-Israeli-conflict/hamas-rocket-attacks/Rocket-firings-2021-05-10-maps.php) Whereas the Palestinians have nothing, not even conventional air defenses.
Number of rockets won't represent anything. Palestinian rockets aren't guided and are pretty shitty, Israel has high-yield guided missiles.
just look it up anywhere. hamas send wayyy more rockets. yesterday *they* claim to have fired 5000. if israel fired 5000 rockets there would most probably be over 30000 dead
From what I’ve heard rockets are mostly to deplete iron dome and waste money
Or show the amount of land/ houses each side looses
I don’t think that’s a great measure. Israel has the Iron Dome so you need to send more rockets to overwhelm it and do damage. On the other hand Palestine has no such thing so Israel doesn’t have to send as many rockets to do a equal amount of damage. 

Given the number of injured and killed on the Palestine side without letting up then let’s not pretend they’re somehow innocent. It’s evil vs evil.
Why do you think that would give you a better perspective? Fat man was one bomb
You can’t illegally occupy and be innocent at the same time
If a toddler throws a tantrum and swings at their parents 8 times, and the parent only hits them twice, we should only look at the number of attempts, not the results of those attempts.
Who cares, we have the actual numbers of who is hurt, why imagine some hypothetical.
Hamas rockets are firecrackers compared to the types Israel sends. And I don't mean guided rockets. Shit looks like something from star wars
I mean establishing Israel is indeed the source of violence, but it was done without much consultation of the Muslim population living there, and was an occupation / colonization from the start. Now I'm a realist, and neither Muslim nor Jewish, and I do believe borders are determined by who can defend them, so Israel by winning against their Muslim neighbors, now owns that land. Might makes right is how this issues has always worked. 

But if we go by the usual popular arguments, the historical claim the Jewish people have for Israel was always nonsense to me, given how much back in time we have to go for that area to be predominantly Jewish or ruled by a Jewish state. Because most people wouldn't be comfortable with historical claims that ancient still being valid anywhere else.
Its amazing that they'll go back into recent history (20-30 years) and selectively pick out the times Israel did bad things and claim that Palestine has never done anything wrong without looking any further back in history.
None of us folks on Reddit need to pretend anything.

Jews do need a spot to be but taking it from another group of people is so anti fucking Christian morality.

They should have just given them Germany or a part of Germany why the fuck would you give them land that wasnt a part of the fucking war how fucking dumb are people?

My opinion doesn't matter for shit I'm so far away and have no recognition of actual on the ground conflict and most the people here are jabbering parroted shit just like me.

What a fucking waste
You know that the Zionists forcefully occupied Palestine and dispossessed them of their land right? No Palestinian attacked a Jewish migrant until the Zionists attacked them first. If they hadn’t fought back, they wouldn’t even exist by now
ok, and you should stop pretending that it's all due to persecution of the Jews.
it is as if you told exactly one side of that narrative... which could start with British occupation.
Are you conveniently gonna not mention the Jewish terrorists groups that would do some real shit before Israel was a country?
You know that the Zionists forcefully occupied Palestine and dispossessed them of their land right? No Palestinian attacked a Jewish migrant until the Zionists attacked them first
I'm not going to attack people for injustices my great grandfather complained about. This goes both ways.
[deleted]
Yeah keeping 2million people in an open air prison. Shooting their legs when they peacefully tried to walk out, the rationing of electricity to them and the limiting of their ability to grow food is something asking to a modern day concentration camp. 

All controlled by Isreal. Their view that somehow been Jewish makes you better and you deserve to live, you deserve to prosper. While those who called the land home those who you found there should just suffer under the sword and foot of Israeli occupation? 

What a sick person it must take to take the side of Israel. What a sad excuse for human existence, you must have so much hate in you....

https://www.middleeasteye.net/opinion/gaza-israel-west-hypocrisy-jailbreak-stomach-turning
It's not a conflict, it's an occupation. Your failure to recognise that just speaks to the person you are, speaks to your ignorance wilful or not. Regardless of your failure to see and that of western political leadership the rest of the world does see it and they are waking up to it more.   
Israel is an apartheid state, Zionism is evil.
Ww1 didn’t have axis powers though, that was WW2. I don’t even disagree with your point, but if you’re comment has a condescending “read a history book” in it, you should make sure you know wtf you’re talking about
"When Israelis in the occupied territories
now claim that they have to defend
themselves, they are defending themselves
in the sense that any military occupier has to
defend itself against the population they are
crushing...You can't defend yourself when
you're militarily occupying someone else's
land. That's not defense. Call it what you
like, it's not defense." - Noam Chomsky
No soldiers, just artillery shells, rockets, and bullets fired over the  prison walls.  Fuck off.
That entire area that Israel claims as its own is Illegally occupied. Even the UN recognises it as an illegal occupation and the settlements are illegal under international law.
"*I'm NUH TUCHIN U, IM NUH TUCHIN YU*"

that's what you fuckin sound like.
Iam sure youre also in favor of russia annexing ukraine. Or germany annexing half of poland? Or expelling all the turks too?
By that logic, literally every modern nation would be at war. People and culture move over time. No group of people was handed a deed saying “this is only your land until the end of time”. 

Should white Europeans kick out all people not of European decent? They’ve had claims and ties to that land just as long as Jewish people in Israel using your logic. 

You can’t slaughter people 20 to 1 just because history told you to. There will never be peace as long as both sides refuse to forget the past and the grudges.
How the fuck does who the land belonged to thousands of years ago justify what Israel had done. That doesn’t give you the right to steal peoples homes that they’ve lived in for generations. By that logic all white people should leave America and go back to their lands of origin. This is not an excuse for the occupation and slaughter of Palestinians that has been going on for decades.
Israel began that war over their desire to control Egypt's ports. Their sneak attack against Egypt is the first action.   


You know this.
Yup, we constantly get bombarded with propaganda from the state of Israel. In some American states, school teachers and other public workers have to sign loyalty pledges to Israel.
Israel legitimately has a massive propaganda and disinformation campaign. You just gotta go with the syndicated networks on this because you can't trust social media at all.
[deleted]
No, I didn't see any ads on YouTube for 6 years.
Premium subscriber here

Edit: but I did Google Israeli bond rates one time and now I get ads for that every day
/\ Bot comment
Nope, not getting any of those.
How does the amount of missile attacks compare between now and then?
It would still be much worse without the iron dome. What a weird hill to die on
A nuclear state with countless billions of dollars in US weapons*
And the point is? This is not a boxing match. I had an eye opening from yesterday barbarism. I have zero care how this graph looks. It could be even higher I don’t care.Killing and kidnapping maybe more then a hundred of civilians, annihilating families with such brutality will give you hell in return,
“A child blood revenge even the devil did not think of”
Yes, they should just ignore the constant barrage of rockets on them because they have nuclear weapons which have never been used by any country other than the United States ever. Moron
Fym based on what? The dome intercepts tons of shit. If said shit lands it would likely hurt people.
Because intending to kill someone but being ineffective at doing it doesn’t make the attempt less bad
People always talk about the power imbalance and the technology gap. Without it Israel would be exterminated or they would at least try to
We got a pretty good taste yesterday of what Israeli defences are usually holding back. When we see Israel being heavy handed, it's not without reason.
It didn't exist during the entire time of the chart. That's how pointless it is, you can't even see a difference. 

It went into action in 2011. 2012 there was a dramatic increase.
Would be very different if Palestine accepted literally any of the dozens of peace proposals instead of constantly choosing war.
And genocide?  Yes, but having a shield to hide behind is huge and explained why such lengths were taken to oppose their rule.  That’s my point.
I’m saying they operate with impunity.  You’re clearly adding your own personal narrative into this so please don’t let me stop you from vanquishing a perceived enemy.
That’s because it was in action the whole time.
They must be hacking
Exactly. It’s barbaric and we should be on the side of society over barbarism and hate. The Palestinian protestors in New York were showing Nazi flags and it perfectly reflects their feelings towards the Jewish people.
Yes im sure all the deaths and injuries on the Palestinian side were soldiers...
This all happens in every war. The US did it. The Soviets did it. Britain did it. Japan did it. it's not something else, its is all part of the casualties of war.
Execution of civilians, concert is being condemned across the globe. Allowing Israel to retaliate
Show the video of Israel gang raping Palestinians and dragging their body in the street to cheers of onlookers
Hospitals that Hamas launches rockets from?
The killing of civilians as collateral damage after targeting military objectives, while tragic, isn’t comparable to intentionally killing civilians. Before Hamas’ latest attack I was willing to give them the benefit of the doubt, but there is simply no rationale for their latest actions beyond pure hatred and evil.
where did they say anything close to that anywhere? fucking moron
Read comments under any recent Forbes youtube video on this, you'll be horrified. You'll finally understand how movements like Nazi Germany happen. People are openly supporting genocides and even rape of Palestinians.
🏆
More Germans than British died in WW2, I guess Churchill was the evil one the whole time
[deleted]
ISIS is not the good guy because they have more deaths than the United States.

How sad that you think body counts determine morality.
Most native trives were at war with each other or sold each other out to the Europeans at one point or another. If you'd ask one tribe about another tribe in the 1700s, yes, they'd absolutely say the other tribe were the bad guys. Way to lump them all together though, reduce the incredibly complex history of the thousands of native tribes to just being victims or "the good guys"
I mean, depends on the conflict. They were, sometimes.
Native Americans killed far more British than the other way around, not including the spread of disease. Even despite being outnumbered with weaker technology, they nearly beat the British back.

Before settlers arrived, the natives were already extremely skilled at warfare. You know, for fun, since they were very peaceful before the white man arrived.
They certainly didn’t all have clean hands.
I see what you’re trying to do here, but in an alternate reality where the native Americans had guns and the Europeans didn’t, there would’ve been more European deaths, and the native Americans would’ve still been right. So I think the original comment stands logically.
A lot of Native American tribes were absolutely bad guys. It depended on the tribe and region but a lot of tribes were absolutely ruthless, even among other Native Americans
Have you read about the Aztecs? At certain points, the Spanish Inquisition was just black-and-gray or black-on-black morality.
Did native Americans also have been provided food, electricity and watter by the settlers while 24% of the world population was sharing their religion including one of the wealthiest states, yet having ALL, even direct borders with native's territories closed and actively denying the refugees while supporting the militant government in the region that kept spending humanitarian help on weapons and used civilians as human shields, thus using native Americans as artificially impoverished proxy war agents?
You could figure it out pretty easily... read some narratives written by folks on both sides of the conflict. In my view it is apartheid and genocide, full stop. That's not hard to figure out. What could be done to resolve the issue is a different matter entirely.
Because you clearly know nothing about the 75 years of israeli occupation of palestine and the murder of its women and children, the stealing of homes, the displacement of millions of Palestinians, and the racist apartheid that is in place to this day
as we all know, all wars ever fought are just two shitty neighbors trying to murder each other, with no morals or ideology or history involved
The difference is one neighbor wants to rape the other neighbor’s wife and kids…
This is so non-sequitur it’s almost impressive you wrote it with conviction.
I'm confused as to what you think the answer to that hypothetical would be.
> What would happen to Palestinans if their armed forces would drop all weapons tomorrow and surrender unconditionally?

Nothing would change. It will only accelerate the demise of Palestinians and their displacement. Israel doesn't give a shit. It's expanding beyond any agreed-upon borders at this point, and they just want to completely take over.
What if there UN took Jerusalem away from Israel and made it an international religious site.  What would happen then?
“What if militaries didn’t exist?”
How? Israel has a defensive system for shooting down the rockets. Not letting Hamas shoot rockets into Israel unopposed doesn’t make you not a victim.

I’m not saying Israel is or isn’t a victim, just that these counts say nothing.
Okay, way more Nazi Germans died in WW2 than Americans. That means America was bad and the Nazis were good, right?
Apply it to nazis and it still holds absolutely true. You might want to try listening to yourself sometime, because youre the one who sounds dumb.
Hamas, in particular, is a terrorist organization that will never accept peace. Hamas brutalizes its own people the way it brutalized israeli citizens yesterday. These are not heroes or freedom fighters, they are corrupt autocrats bottom feeding off misery while profiteering of being bitches for iran.
Yeah, the west bank doesn’t see it that way. 

Why won’t Hamas allow elections if they are “the will of the palestinian people”? 

You think gazans want to be tortured, continuously oppressed, and impoverished? They have no choice. They are slaves to iran.
The Hamas government is currently in the 18th year of a 4 year term.
At one point they were elected, but there hasn’t been an election in a long time. It’s fair to say that Hamas is using the Palestinians for their own ends at this point.
They are doing a great job, maybe next year they will target another music festival.
Their existence is to accumulate as much money for their leadership to move offshore as possible. They rely on useful idiots like you for that.
They’re a terrorist organization who want to ethnically cleanse Israel of all Jews. They actively oppress the Palestinian people even if they are aligned with the Palestinians on some issues (destruction of Israel being one).
Really? You mean 15 years ago when they purged the fatah members that were elected?

Half the population is under 21 dude. They ain’t had elections in most the population’s lifetime and they never will and anyone who complains disappears into torture chambers.
You ‘just’ discovered? Did you happen to see when the latest election was? Because there hasn’t been one in a while.
I remember reading a journalist saying, about the 9/11 attacks, that all the victims of the attacks were individually completely innocent, but the US as a country was not. I think it fits.
Terrorism doesn't just happen because terrorists are bad people end of story. Terrorism is a reaction caused by policy decisions and military actions.
I think it’s unclear and close to being contradictory. A solution is to say “…but everyone in power has failed to prevent this and that’s unacceptable”
Palestine supporters are super subtle.
Terrorism is bad... Except when it's not!
You can be anti-Hamas while still criticizing Israel you know?
Exactly. IDF could push Gaza into the sea today if they wanted to, and they're still showing an enormous amount of restraint. They're still roof knocking 15 min before air strikes.   

Meanwhile, Hamas would absolutely glass Israel if given the means and opportunity.
… and how is that 21% Arab population treated day to day in Israel?
Israel would never give citizenship to the Palestinians of gaza or the west bank

in fact the israeli politicians and citizen often call for the genocide of palestinians who have an israeli citizenship because "there are too many of them" 🤡
*"If i do not steal your home, someone else will"*

that encapsulates israel's position and involvement in this entire conflict

they have total power, they can remove and evict, they have absolute impunity, they can fuck with whoever they want, can take whatever they want, they want everything, they want no palestinian to remain, they have all the funding, they have all the military power, they have all the luxury, and they want more. 

and they feel entitled to it.
This is the third or fourth time I’ve seen you copy paste this exact comment
[deleted]
[deleted]
Remember just a few days ago when Palestinians raped and beat a woman to death and paraded her body through the streets? You know, after murdering 200 other people at the concert
Notice how you have to go back by a whole fucking century to justify the shit you’re doing
Defense is one thing, forcing people out of their homes they've lived in for generations is another.
Also, the chart leaves out all the terror attacks and Arab initiated wars in the previous 50 years.
And while the western world had helped aid Israel’s advancement in multiple disciplines, they systematically throttled the Palestinian people.
It’s incredible how some people are so easily fooled with just seconds of footage and are blind to the wider picture and propaganda machine at work. You’d have been a propagandist’s dream in the 1940s
Even 😂 occupied the land, made natives homeless refugees and prisoned the others while committing human rights abuses. Even 😂. Such a 🤡comment. Even 😂😂
Gaza is the biggest open air prison in the world. If you were born there, you can't get out. 50% of the people are unemployed, Israel controls water and electricity, the Israeli government did everything possible to prevent Arabs from geting vaccinated, despite them being the first country to vaccinate their population if you count only jews. The war is terrible for civilians of both sides, but Israel treats arabs, the ones who lived in their land not so long ago, in the worst way possible under an apherteid regime. Israel has no interest in doing peace, they are comiting a genocide in the 21st century right in the open for everyone to see.
You got it backwards, bud, Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International and the UN (were it not for the veto vote of the US) agree that Israel is a massive perpetrator of war crimes.
Trash take. Israel is responsible for a modern day apartheid state, and has more human rights resolutions against them than ANY other nation, holding at about 45% of a all the UN human rights council resolutions ever, for the whole world.

Zionism at its finest.
Why would they peaceably accept invasion?
All? All? You wanna fact check that? Surprisingly whenever Israel who doesn’t want to share any land with the Arabs comes close to a “deal” there’s an attack from Hamas. Coincidence I guess 🙄
roll library snow mighty saw weather intelligent capable tease plough ` this message was mass deleted/edited with redact.dev `
I think we already know the answer to what Israel would do if they had complete control over Palestine. That's the current reality
So you support the genocide of Palestinians. Greaaaat
No. It says how many people died as a result of the conflict. So it's an apples to apples comparison. In this case, Billy killed 44 girlfriends and babies while Bobby killed 2. Billy is worse
Israel has expanded into Palestine in the time period shown here. Palestinians are the ones with more claim to the stance that they are defending their territory.
Oooohkay then.
It's completely rational to think that way. 

But it sounds bad when you say it out loud!
Israeli terrorists over Hamas terrorists*
Israel's casualties are so low because they protect their people instead of killing them for clout
Palestine didn’t exist in Biblical times. Neither did Islam. It has nothing to do with religion, and everything to do with land.
That’s the problem with the Middle East for as long as we can remember. It is impossible for a group to give up when the others are heavily armed with grievances that have been around for centuries. On top of that, when the leaders are hellbent on pushing old rhetoric from both ends of the spectrum, the results is all those deaths and livelihoods destroyed because it’s always coming for a belligerent perspective.
"Biblical times" arguments are, like, half a step above the "but mom\~! She started it first!" vs. "nuh uh, she started it!" arguments.
It had a higher initial fatality rate and moved faster. A different strain caused the Spanish Flu. Because of that, we have been preparing for 100 years to put down the next swine flu pandemic. And we did.
Don’t bother they won’t get there ever. After seeing the numerous “death to Arab chants” in Israel on various platforms it’s clear the Israelis are just as eager to eradicate Muslims as the Palestinians are to eradicating the Jews in Israel. I mean why else would both sides constantly elect warmongering religiously charged governments to represent them. This is the only conflict where both sides (Israeli gov and Hamas) attempt to take the moral high ground while committing the most reprehensible acts known to mankind
This post is crawling with antisemites trying desperately to keep the mask on in the aftermath of the attacks in Israel. It’s both pathetic and horrifying.
You dug through two years of their comments to find a comment that doesn’t even say what you’re implying. “Follow the money” means the banks and corporations to me. (The ones that control us.) What a ridiculous reach. You’d think if they were out saying the kind of stuff you insist, you’d be able to find a clearer example. And PLEASE accuse me of the same so I can go find my comments handing actual wannabe Nazi’s their asses.
People don't need Israel to be antisemitic, but it get them plenty of ammunition. Being anti Israel is not antisemitic but plenty of antisemite use Israel as an excuse for their hatred.
[deleted]
Follow the money
Lmao. Mask-off. The amount of far-leftists pro-Hamas turning out to be Nazis has been insane. But mask-off.
The crazy level of anti-semite you have to be to imagine "follow the money" is an attack on Jews is something else.

Get help.
Fuck you and fuck your people
Hey, remember when a bunch of Israelis celebrated and danced when a six month old Palestinian child was burned to death? I imagine all Israelis are like that, because following your logic, that’s the natural conclusion.
There are 2 million people in Gaza. I highly doubt they all think this is all ok. Last elections were in 2006, with both Fatah and Hamas getting around ~45% of the votes
Public support for terrorist acts committed by Israelis against Palestinians is disproportionately high for a highly developed country. I wonder what the true numbers for private support would be like. I think gunning down and bombing Palestinians en masse at a holy site on a religious holiday by idf soldiers using idf equipment is about as morally reprehensible as it gets but some Israelis still rejoiced. To be fair, not that many, but any amount is damning, and denying it happened despite abundant evidence, as many did, is disgraceful in it's own right.
Everyone is claiming this but no one is showing the source? Where the fuck is the source of these statements? And what's the context?

I've seen a few videos circling around and they're either fake or people are being hypocrites (what I mean by the latter is that people claim the people who were murdered are "civilians" but that doesn't necessarily mean they're innocent.)
[https://x.com/moashoor/status/1710812755601617179?s=20](https://x.com/moashoor/status/1710812755601617179?s=20)
Quit dancing around like a republican.

Do you support Hamas and Netanyahu or do you stand with the people of Palestine and Israel?  You comment reeks of supporting the two terrorist groups.
then, don't stand with the zionist: https://x.com/TalatWbas/status/1711065209287115174?s=20 

Warning: strong footage of how the zionist are treating the palestinians.
Interesting that you think that idea represents all of those people.

Oh and that it IS okay as long as the other guys do it?

Yall hella weird
over 1 million people have died directly and indirectly due to the American destabilization of the middle east the past few decades. They also continue to do so. Funny how these facts are labeled as right wing/Russian propaganda by so called reddit leftist and democrats.
[deleted]
nice bot repost comment
Oh here they go, anything critical of Israel is anti-semitic. Go touch grass
"Palestinians bad.  Here's me proof.  \*propaganda*"

Hell has a reserved seat for folks like you.
yeah fuck a chart and raw data, let's go off of this quote you whipped out your ass
The numbers speak for themselves.
I checked my comment and there is nothing there that supports the Hamas. I was referring to the Palestinians, just like I don't see the Jews as the bad ones, just the Israeli government that has used its power to continuously grab lands from the Palestinians which, in effect, forced them to violence.
But they don’t. And we all know it. 

Would be great if people stopped talking in hypotheticals and confronted the actual reality.
That’s because Hamas INTENTIONALLY only builds military infrastructure and launches rockets from civilian targets so people like you sympathize with them before doing research.
But Hamas enjoys widespread support from the Palestinian population. They actively support and elected Hamas. That’s why the people of Palestine spit on the dead body of that raped German woman. I will consider the crimes of Israel and Palestine equal when Israel boasts about their accomplishment and shows off the dead bodies of trophy civilians proudly rather than actively trying to not target civilians while Hamas hides behind their own and kills those of Israel. To me it is not equivalent. It also doesn’t help that Hamas literally arms and sends child soldiers to fight. A 13 or 14 year old is an adult in the eyes of Hamas, and the sad reality is if you give a kid a gun in a war they are a soldier, even if they’re a child. When an Israeli soldier raped a Palestinian woman, which you can hardly find, he was arrested, sentenced to 11 years in jail, stripped of his military duties, etc. by Israel. when the murdered and raped body of a German civilian was paraded around by Hamas the civilians spat on her dead body and proudly celebrated in countries worldwide.
The VAST majority of the issues would be gone if Hamas/people who agree with Hamas didn't exist
People need to watch Tantura and see how Israel came into existence. Here's a clip...

https://youtu.be/MQ1TAOibLss?si=yAiexUR4JPa8iEyj
I’m not saying it’s not true; it’s just not a cool guide
i think its pretty obvious they are trying to go "look how bad palestine has it so the terrorist attacks are justified"
Militia.

Happy?
I see. Were you also a supporter of the Islamic state of ISIS?
Hamaz launched over 3000 rockets to Israel yesterday alone...
Dude, the people on Reddit couldn't remember events from 3 days ago, let alone the long history of the conflict. Israel committed enough genocide and slaughter to put some of the worst people in history to shame. Hell, the amount of torture, rape, beating, and other atrocities will be talked about in history. People wonder how the Nazis had all that support in Germany today, and people in 100 years will wonder how Israel had all that support around the world.
Sabra and Shatilla was perpetuated by christian Lebanese.
Lol systemic?
Wow bro, your just starting shit with everyone in this sub arent you? I wonder who you work for?
Just like YOU have an opinion...........so does everyone else............🤔🤫
Hamas leadership is actually voted in by the Palestinian people to the National Assembly.
The endgame for Israeli ethnonationalists remains the same. I'm sure there are plenty of Israeli leaders who'd like nothing more than to be allele to use direct methods and get the charade over with.
It's still a genocide even if people keep giving birth to replace the numbers of those that have died
Exhausted excuse. Try harder
Well even if 5000 people get murdered but the population grows it’s still genocide
When you have nothing you can do other than willy wanka in the chocolate factory
War isn’t something to laugh about.
Where did I say that was ok? 

Read my comment again.

Actually don’t. You just made this account. Pretty cowardly…. Like all these terrorists around the world launching attacks amongst civilians from schools, hospitals, etc, trying to use them as shield.. regardless of what faith they follow.

They all do it. That’s why they are called terrorists.
By the way - are you saying women from other countries who aren’t Israeli that attended that concert and were raped, tortured and killed was justified?

I challenge you to answer that question. With your ACTUAL account and not some burner account. You aren’t a coward are you?
Which one? Shireen abu akleh comes to mind but that was last year: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shireen_Abu_Akleh

And Israel refuses to prosecute the soldier who did it even after an investigation found it was intentional and that she was denied medical aid.
And they can thank united states tax payers for arming them so well...
Lol Israel supports Lgbtq. Palestine does not. They are not the same.
For decades Israel would tell Palestinians what homes they would attack. Hamas would then pack kids and mothers in the buildings to increase mortality rates. It’s not as simple as you make it seem. Fucking idiots crawling all over Reddit these days
I'm certainly not pro-Hamas or defending their actions. But how is slapping a new country on top of another one and then repeatedly committing acts of violence going to quell the other sides violent rhetoric. The entire conflict is just one big circle of hate.
It's because of the context that I say fuck Isreal. People are only looking at the atrocities committed by Palestine today and yesterday while ignoring all the atrocities committed by Isreal for years prior. Terrorize and oppress people enough, and eventually, they'll fight back.
Wait till you learn what many Arab countries want to do to Jews, LGBT people and the West.
this guy gets it
What right has Israel to exist? Serious question.
Glad you..proved you can't even read the graph?
Do you have common sense because it doesn't seem like you do
That's a weighting to be considered.

A quick search provided me with a reliable source to confirm my thoughts:
[https://www.ochaopt.org/data/casualties](https://www.ochaopt.org/data/casualties)
> Are these deaths innocent children? Terrorists? Soldiers?

The Gaza Strip is one of the most densely populated places on earth. Israel is in the habit of dropping high explosives into that area by the metric ton. Its all three, but usually for every dead terrorist there are tens of dead civilians.
And do you ask if the Israeli deaths were innocent victims or IDF?
I'm not cheering on anything. I condemn terrorism in all the senses. 

Again, I just stated a fact supported by the numbers.

But if you define terrorism as aiming for the civilians. You'll find much more terrorist acts coming from Israel's side than Palestine's. That's another fact for you.
What's it called when Israel goes after civilians and foreigners and kills hundreds  and wounds 2,000-30,000 Palestinians each year?
Israel also kills hundreds of Palestinian children and women and seniors, almost daily. The real terrorists is Israel.
Reddit is going into spin mode. They were caught by surprise yesterday, but now many subs are producing pro Palestinian propaganda.

It's pretty impressive to watch.
Do you believe Israel should retaliate? Then you are cheering on fascism, buddy. Stop with the fucking technicalities. There is an absolute GROSS idealization of Israel on Reddit, it is absolutely terrifying to witness.
It is not terrorism. It is fighting for liberation with the only means they got. What did you expect Palestinians to do? Nuke Israel? Invade with some imaginary  army? Send their nin existing air force? Or accept the slow and painful genocide?
> Did you miss yesterday where Hamas members went after civilians and foreigners not involved? That’s just terrorism. You’re cheering on terrorism buddy.

But isnt this something Israel has been doing for decades? And as such all the people suddenly very supportive of Israel are also cheering on terrorists?

It seems like a lot of the people who are hyper supportive of Israel currently are not particular familiar with this conflict and whats its been like,
Hamas isn't palestine. You can support the Palestinian people's struggle against tge israeli regime without supporting the values of Hamas
Are you intentionally ignoring the videos of Israeli troops and settlers doing the same on a grander scale near daily?
Israel has been killing palestianan children, peaceful protestors, bombed civilians for years and the world said nothing.
The terror in Gaza didn't start yesterday.
That's not really how international relations work. Although I do agree that weapons are meant for killing, therefore, statistically, they will always result in deaths.

There is no defending, choosing, linking, black and white in my comment. I simply stated that the numbers in the guide should open the eyes of many who see Israel as the victim. The facts, however, point otherwise. Looking at those statistics and thinking "yeah, both sides are equally wrong" put you in line with the opressor, not in the middle ground (which doesn't actually exist in this case).

“Washing one’s hands of the conflict between the powerful and the powerless means to side with the powerful, not to be neutral ” – Paulo Freire
I can defend pesto r verily easily tbh
So presumably you think Ukraine defending themselves is wrong too?
Shut up. You don’t know wheat you’re talking about
I find it odd how context is needed for some situations and discarded in the next statement.

There is no such thing as "unbiased data". If someone is documenting it, it already went through parcial filtering following the documenter's technicalities and beliefs. The important thing is to look for intellectual honesty. Media outlets that make their positions clear and do not try to sell a false idea of impartiality.

1. Oh yes, the Roof Knocking practice. The same one that multiple resources put as ineffective in preventing civilian deaths. Since you said that Israel always warns before it strikes, did your statement include the situations where the [warning itself killed civilians](https://www.timesofisrael.com/liveblog_entry/idfs-roof-knocking-tactic-killed-two-teenagers-in-2014-gaza-war-report/)? Did you mention that sometimes the warning is as close as [5](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2014/07/09/roof-knocking-the-israeli-mjilitarys-tactic-of-phoning-palestinians-it-is-about-to-bomb/) to [15](https://www.reuters.com/world/middle-east/gazans-said-they-got-15-minute-warning-before-israeli-strikes-destroyed-homes-2022-08-06/) minutes before the strike itself? Is that enough time to evacuate a building? What about the elderly? Or the kids that were alone at home?

You see, it's all about context, isn't it? I have inserted more "unbiased data" in there since you forgot to provide any.

2. I agree with you here. There is a noticeable difference in their war capabilities and that should be taken into consideration. However, that's a very poor explanation to the casualty discrepancy. If anything, Israel should be able to better avoid such situations. Defending is hardly equal to killing innocents, that's terrorism.

3. You can't actually assure me nothing, as you have not provided me with a single proof to any of your affirmations. I actually think that, if the tables were turned, the palestines would be just as bad as Israel is. But I don't tend to use my beliefs in political discussion as it adds nothing. You should learn from that.

I will say this though. Your conclusion is very congruent with your statements. If they had any truth to it. Justifying terrorist actions against Palestine by generalizing the doings of Hamas sound pretty genocidal to me, don't know about you.

You have a very simplistic way of seeing things. Good and Evil. Unfortunately the reality isn't as simple. Something you learn through a more thorough study of History is that there isn't adjectives in it. There is only facts, and the narratives of those who documented it.
Edgy little teenager
the irish people were also called terrorists at one point, the algerians too when they fought the french occupation 

you want people to resist but but not resist enough to free themselves
They both have intentionally killed civilians, does not change the fact Israel is the main cause
How do you think Palestinians *should* fight back, precisely? Should they all don uniforms and march in columns towards fortified military positions until they're all dead? Every time I read armchair generals telling Palestinians how they *shouldn't* fight they never address the fact that neither Hamas nor even a united Palestine could ever defeat Israel in a conventional war.

So what *should* they do? Just surrender and accept might makes right regardless of the injustices, deaths and outright atrocities inflicted upon them and the ones that will be in the future? That's not going to happen even if you think they should.

It's easy to just turn off our brains and say both sides are wrong here and leave it at that but only one side has the power to meaningfully change the material conditions causing violence and it's not the Palestinians.
Lol no, they still have to look good for daddy
Doesn’t benefit them to blatantly do it when they can slowly whittle away under the guise of ignorance
Nazi apologist bots are out of control in this thread.
That's not the justification you think it is. Do you think the Jews in Germany should turn on the German people and slaughter hundreds of thousands right after WW2 just because they killed millions? No. Do you think the Russians were right in the rape and slaughter of Germans? No. Do you think the Japanese rape of Nanjing because they killed Japanese? This whole eye for an eye thing is just causing undue suffering, innocent deaths and fueling the terrorists. Yay, you got revenge. Now they get more recruits because you killed their mothers and fathers, their sons and daughters who were innocent, just like the Israel's get soldiers from Hamas committing atrocities and war crimes. Let's spin this wheel around in 10 years and see where we land again in the same spot! It's worked for the last 80.
you are literally cherry-picking historical events that fit your agenda.
But basically non of the people who did those things are around anymore excwpt for maybe a few ancient people, I don't think we can use that as justifications
So now you're justifying using humans as shields. Cool cool. You're disgusting.
I’ve never seen an argument more disingenuous. Gaza is not so crowded that you need to store your bombs in schools and hospitals. They are using their civilians as shields and you are defending it. I can’t even give you benefit of the doubt and say it’s unintentional bc you know how dumb that comment is
Terrorism for backward cowards
Yes but most of these deaths are from Gaza since the non-terrorist government in the West Bank doesn't fuck with Israel constantly and get its people murdered as a result.
[deleted]
Ok guys he said it, he's cool with the rockets being fired at his town.
Terrorist sympathizer.
Accuses someone of believing propaganda then states that their position is right because, wait for it, “many people… support Palestine.”

Fucking ironic and moronic lmao
I did. I see the disparity between Palestinian and Israeli casualties, certainly. I’m simply not convinced how much of it was caused by Israeli cruelty, or Palestinian stupidity.
Well to say there were only 251 since 2008 is a gross misrepresentation.
You get a nice warm feeling.
Possibly the worst take I’ve seen.

Israel was not an independent state since Roman times, and before that since the Achaemenid Empire, with a few short-lived exceptions. 

You can’t compare because there is no reasonable comparison to begin with.
You’re mad ignorant bro. The Arab conquest led by Umar took Jerusalem from the Roman Catholics. The Roman Catholics who by the way, genocided the Jews in Jerusalem to the point there was no Jewish community when Umar arrived.

Read the historical records from both sides. It is Umar who sent his people to find Jewish families living in the outskirts who would like to return to Jerusalem.
You know when native Americans went to war with the US, they often massacred white settlement, head scalping, burnings, barbaric stuff all that.

But you know why they did that? Because america killed their buffalo (primary food source), brought armed settlers into their farmland, and brought soldiers to force their people into reservations. You can’t beat a dog it’s entire life and expect it to never lash out
This year before Hamas' attacks, 27 Palestinian children were killed by Israel. Yet you and the rest of the cucks stayed quiet and are crying about IDF terrorists getting killed and kidnapped by Hamas terrorists.
Because the same thing is happening to Palestinians. You can’t condemn violence in only one side in this conflict
Oh let's not forget all the land theft, child deaths and things of that nature Israel has also engaged in. Also don't forget the Nakba where like 80% of Palestinians were expelled from their homes. It doesn't matter what metric you use- Israel will always remain the more evil one.
I agree. They need to get the fuck off Jewish land
It's used for riot suppression, not warfare.
It's a very light injury, that doesn't need treatment most of the time.
I don't think rapping is a bad thing in 2023
Oh theyre definitely victims. We just wish people had as much sympathy to all the Palestinian people who have been experiencing this type of treatment for generations.
[deleted]
They are victims, just like the hundreds and thousands of Palestinian women and children kidnapped and "raped" by the IDF and Israel.

Where were you a few years ago?
Yeah, but they're Them who are mean to Us. And since all of the Them are mean to all of the Us, all of the Us can be mean to all of the Them.
they are, thanks to israel's actions.
Now do Palestinian women, you nazi apologist.
But religion is at the root of it all. Odds are they would've blended seamlessly over time if it never started as a "my god vs your god" beef.

It'll never end at this point until one side is completely eliminated.
Yes because everyone knows taking away your well means you shoot a thousand rockets back at them.
How many tens of thousands of rockets have Hamas launched intentionally at civilian targets that were intercepted? Hamas has shown exactly what they would do if Israel wasn't capable of defending themselves. If Israel was weak the number on their side would be 8 million dead.
Lmao looks like Russians (in WW2) were the bad guys because more of them died in WW2 than other countries.

Fucking flawless logic. I’m astounded, in this day and age, people can still be this fucking stupid
It seems so..
Then why are subs like r/worldnews asking to level gaza and kill all Palestinians so those poor Israelis can live in peace 🥺👉🏻👈🏻
> People are mad at Hamas because they murdered civilians at a music festival, went into air raid shelters and starting shooting people, and stripped a murdered woman naked and paraded her body through the streets while cheering.

But this type of thing is done to Palestinians by Israelis fairly frequently and no one seems to bat an eye. For those of us familiar with the Israeli/Palestinian conflict its just very weird to see people getting upset now.
> This “cool guide” being posted now is an attempt to manipulate the public opinion to forget these terrorist acts so more people will support Hamas and rally to withdraw support for Israel. 

Is there anything incorrect or misleading about the guide?
Bro I think that was sarcasm...
Take a look at the maps. Hama "invaded" occupied Palestine, not Israel. Those are the occupied territories.
What does this idiotic comment even mean? They’re an insanely poor country that has been imperialized heavily. What you mean to say is that if they were a rich, well supported country the numbers wouldn’t look this way. We’ll that’s not the case. 

Idiot.
2011 I think, keep in mind each round of war with Gaza grew in missile intensity in both numbers and quality
You might recall that is the rate that Palestinians and Israelis negotiate for prisoner swaps. It shows how Palestinians consider their lives cheap. 
Hamas doesn’t respect Palestinian lives, so why should we not take them at their own appraisal?
Yeah that's half the story
Lmao there's a million scenarios in which someone stating this exact phrase would get a permanent ban, but here it's okay I guess.

You people are disgusting.
No but now u gonna see what real force looks like...and not one Iranian official who pushes these hamas terrorists will be there.
Those arent my words. People being mass mirdered should retaliate woth terrorism against a military superpower. That will lead to nothing but more bloodshed of innocent civilians. Nobody wins in a war.
To be honest if they are practicing that barbaric disgusting religion that is Islam then absolutely not. Facts are facts.
Western hypocrisy at finest.

Just got permabanned from r/worldnews for siding with Palestine.

They know what they're doing and they're not ashamed to conceal it bc the world gave them a chance to pretend victim
staymad
Fuck Around Find Out
But can be misleading
The number is wrong and it is combined with injured. It is impossible to really know how many were killed and wounded
. 

The only way is to check Israel's reports from the hospitals and the Palestinian Ministry of Health
Ahh yes the supporter of dumb actions. Go join them :)
Yeah, I wonder why though. Can it be cause their land has been stolen and occupied? Just a guess...
I didn't say it's wrong.

What I'm saying is that this diagram fails to provide the atrocities standing behind the numbers.

Hence propaganda.
> you should see the amount of money poring in to gaza

How much is it?

>  considering they could invest that in their helth and education insted of booms

Could you explain how you feel the people of the Gaza Strip could do this?
Half of Reddit fell for free Palestine terrorist propaganda and gave money to their terrorist fund. Look at the downvotes lol
Says Statista not Statisca. Still would like source data regardless.
How do you justify killing, Palestinian kids?
How do you justify improsining them?
How do you think Israel would react if the same happened to them?
How do you justify the open air prison tho?
Everyone dwells on 1949, cuz it fits their "brown people subjugated!" narrative. The whole land been passed before Jesus and Muhammad. Arabs and Muslims invaded and slaughtered everyone to get it. Mongols had a go. Who fucking cares, the last people standing should have it. Jews should unironically have their own final solution on Palestine.
But it wasn’t posted on any other day, and that’s the whole point.
Or maybe because this is a distasteful and misleading post
It’s obviously meant to defer from the death of Jewish civilians based on the moment in time when it was posted.
Do you know how much aid Palestine gets that just goes towards the leaders of Hamas living lavishly in Qatar?
Yeah because Fatah and PLO are so much better.
So you're saying the ones being attacked by terrorists should just let them keep attacking until they run out of people/supplies?

Also, Israel gives warnings beforehand,  Hamas would use nukes if they ever got any without any hesitation except the thought "will this kill as many jews as possible?"

How would you fight evil that uses human shields?
That exact same human shield technique was used by the Nazis BTW.
[Nice propaganda kiddo](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-12621085/amp/joe-biden-confirms-pictures-Hamas-beheading-children.html)
It likely is the cause
Wow bro, you know what? With all the thought and effort that went into creating your next level mind blowing response, hell I think you convinced me to change my mind.................................

Nah, f**k hamass..........ham......assssssss
Americans and Arabs are mad about religion, and they are the ones funding the war for each side. For Zionists and fundamentalist Muslims, it is specifically about religion, and without their contribution, this would not be a significant conflict. Palestine is an extension of the Islamic state of Saudi Arabia, and Israel is the Jewish state - and that's exactly the reason the two sides can't coexist. It's not about real estate.
\>Israel should return the favor and complete a genocide

Hitler should just wipe the Jews from the face of the planet, and no one would miss them. Since the Israelis have turned out to be no different than the Nazis, all those millions of Jews gassed, and the Israelis still don't learn their lesson.
Obviously. My family lives there im very well educated 😂. Im saying it’s bullshit to post this after a terror attack without updated info
Yup, and you support terrorists who shoot innocent people.
I'm talking about how it ends at 2020, my dude. You would know that if you just read any of the other comments below mine.
Imagine there's no occupation forces constantly taking people land since 80' or suppressing people to the explosion point, this makes more sense.

Also what's the thing with down voting? Are we now dislike statistics and expressing opinion? Or we just need to be with IDF bombing people or terrorists groups killing random people? So shameful, people!!
This whole “infographic” is just a bad-faith misdirection in trying to convince people the fairytale 2-state-solution is worth trying.
Lmao Hamas is an Iranian proxy, "not aid bro"
Doesn't help that schoolbooks in Arab lands paint Israelis (and Jews in general) as non-humans.  And this has been generational now.  

This is a time one can truly say that both sides have committed heinous acts.
hamas is so fucked. They signed their own death warrants with this stunt.
Or this is just cherry-picked.
Oh. Huh. That’s interesting!
271 Shankill Road.
You know good people get good sleep, right? I sleep like a baby every night. No guilt or shame keeping me up at night. Good riddance to any worthless scum who praises their God as they murder innocent civilians and parade them around like trophy animals.
>If someone harms you, do you then have the right to utterly pulverize into the dirt not only tht person, but their children, parents, entire extended family; demolish their home, their neighborhood, target their hospitals, massacre their farm animals en mass, incinerate their fields, poison their wells; strangle them of what meager resources they had to begin with, & attempt to eradicate every last sign of their having ever existed- because YOU can.  Because this fight is not an equitable one, in terms of resources, wealth, weapons, strength, power, & organization.

ok, but it is a VERY partial depiction of reality. For example, it doesn't give you the distinction between militaristic terrorist and civilians, it doesn't gives you the context in which some of the engagements happened - for example, if a worker from Gaza strip who has papers and can work in Israel (there are many of them working in Israel daily); but then this person decides to stab Israeli citizens as soon as he passes the customs. Finally, this person get shotted by a nearby police officer or a solider. The direct fault falls on this person, I would assume. Still, this plot will count it as a Palestinian casualty.
Lol.
Let's be honest, humanity would be better off without them.
I often have dreams that I’m travelling and it’s the day before I have to leave and I’m totally disorganised. Like I can’t find my passport and my hotel room is a mess and I don’t know hope to get to the airport.
If you continue reading the comment...

Also screen readers are "listening" to the audio of the text, not reading. Listening to an audio book is not reading the book.
Weird question, but is this dependent on if you have eyes or were born without or lost them completely? I think light sensing in general is a different part of the eye so maybe it's a case by case thing? It's kind of interesting.
That means you can't see all three colors, like most people can. So nobody else is allowed to make a chart in a way you can't see it?

I'm a lighting designer. Am I not allowed to use certain color pallets because you can't distinguish them?

I understand building ramps for wheelchair users, and having audible pedestrian signals for the blind. I do not understand the problem with making charts that literally have the numbers on them, in certain colors.

Colorblind people have a visual impairment. That means they can't see everything full sighted people can. Sadly, they have to live with that.
>s decent.  
>  
>Imagine all rocket hit isra

refering to that "propaganda", not this post propaganda,
Yes this is hamas, who are you? Are you that whiny boy? I have some stones for you
Let me guess…. You think the UN Council on Human Rights is made up of countries that respect human rights? The UN is filled with people that hate Israel and the US.
No.

I'm not crying but I was really disgusting. Those who ignore the truth and turn the topic to 'color blindness' bullshit are cold-blooded and shameless.
Is it not 2 years old?
Lmao!
better be r/birthofasob, maybe
Here's a sneak peek of /r/birthofasub using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/birthofasub/top/?sort=top&t=year) of the year!

\#1: [Birth of a sub](https://i.redd.it/qi5wdgr7ed3a1.jpg) | [29 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/birthofasub/comments/z9v8a7/birth_of_a_sub/)  
\#2: [Berth of a sub, USS Bowfin (SS-287)](https://i.redd.it/53woq83s4cba1.jpg) | [25 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/birthofasub/comments/108nfbd/berth_of_a_sub_uss_bowfin_ss287/)  
\#3: [Welcome to the Reddit family!](https://i.redd.it/4qca8pbqiay91.jpg) | [13 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/birthofasub/comments/ynkiz7/welcome_to_the_reddit_family/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| ^^[Contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| ^^[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| ^^[Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/o8wk1r/blacklist_ix/) ^^| ^^[GitHub](https://github.com/ghnr/sneakpeekbot)
I thought that was when a person gets bossed around and *really* likes it.
r/subsubbedsubs
🙏
Palestinian civilians. Mostly military on the Israeli side.
How do you end the cycle of hate though? Not like these people watching the Naruto anime
Want to know how to create ten terrorists?

Kill a civilian child, son, daughter, brother, sister, mother, father, uncle, aunt, best friend. 

Works every time.

Or you could just learn to get along and be kind instead.
cycle of radicalization, retailiation, followed by cruel abominable oppression

israel doesnt want it to stop, this allows for the long term "project" (some may say final solution) to continue, and they look like sympathetic victims. they oppress and dispossess land, wait for the retaliation, then use the retaliation to seize even more land and kill even more palestinians. it's straight blood thirsty

the US has no interest in stepping in, the defense corporations are making too much $
The cycle will continue no matter what until you can alter the indoctrination. No amount of only peace will stop that.
Most wars the largest casualties are civilians. It’s why war is hell. Cold or hot.
Name checks out.
What narrative does it distort? It looks like Palestinian folks injuries and deaths are being reported in higher frequency to the UN.

So either the UN has all of the data or it has incorrect data. Perhaps we can dispute it, but on the surface, indeed it does look like a smaller, less sophisticated (militarily) people being harmed by a modern military/country.
Why would you choose to ignore it? It is something that is happening, and is affecting real people beyond us. Turning a blind eye, in my opinion, is disrespectful.
>Why do we NEED to see it.

Because this genocide is persistently portrayed as a war.

It's not a war, Gaza is a prison camp. Executing prisoners isn't a war. Prisoners lashing out isn't a war.
Hamas took control of the elected government in 2007. Look outside of Reddit (individual, not fully educated opinions - no one can be on this complex issue) for more info. Wiki is a starting point. There’s a high likelihood that over the years Hamas has gained in popularity (fear and propaganda are great opinion changers), but they were not elected by the people despite having an election previously. This is an oversimplified answer, hence the suggestion to look into the history.
Those would be the Americans telling you that. Half of them are brainwashed into rooting for their ally Israel since they have a mutual hatred towards muslims. You know who they are.
Immense lack of nuance and compassion. 

And they tried to have legitimate governance, they were silenced and not acknowledged. And then they did this too.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yasser_Arafat

"In late 2004, after effectively being confined within his Ramallah compound for over two years by the Israeli army, Arafat fell into a coma and died."
There is an unfortunately high number of redditors who are vicious idiots who froth at the mouth at the idea of civilians dying and like to try and justify it
not justifying but if you were an oppressed palestinian you'd try to cling to any minor victory even if it means the killing of innocent israeli civilians on the other side
Hamas is more than terrorism. They give away food, bury the dead and employ a lot of people. There is a lot of self interest in people’s support for them outside the realm of terrorism. Also, Israel has created a situation for themselves where 3 million people are trapped inside their boarders with lots of incentive to kill them in their sleep and no incentive to find a middle ground.
easy, israel is well known to pour money into astro turfing campaigns and the like

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Act.IL

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_Internet_Defense_Force

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hasbara
Because 1/2 of them are Israeli bots. Also he use it's much easier for Israel to get support in a genocide if they claim they are all terrorists.
Because they're morons.
Because Reddit is pro-war and pro-Israel.
maybe because they do? even palestinians outside of gaza were celebrating the murders, in Berlin the paraded the streets giving out free candy
Idk the fireworks and even other muslim countries having mass celebrations seem to lend a bit of proof to that.
Who's out in the streets celebrating every time a jewish person dies from a terrorist attack?
...because Palestinians across the planet waved big flags and cheered and danced in the streets when they heard Hamas had killed a lot of Israeli citizens. Fact.

They also celebrated in Gaza and West Bank. Fact.

Lots of muslim countries issued official statements supporting Hamas and praising their bravery, and "Allahu akbar" about the dead Israeli citizens. Fact.
Because they were “elected”
Because they have an agenda.
Hamas is evil and not all Palestinians support them. But Israel does a good job telling uninformed folks Hamas=Palestine.

Hamas would not exist today were it not for the Jewish state? The Israelis helped turn a bunch of fringe Palestinian Islamists in the late 70s into one of the world’s most notorious militant groups.

This isn’t a conspiracy theory. Listen to former Israeli officials such as Brig. Gen. Yitzhak Segev, who was the Israeli military governor in Gaza in the early 1980s. Segev later told a New York Times reporter that he had helped finance the Palestinian Islamist movement as a “counterweight” to the secularists and leftists of the Palestine Liberation Organization and the Fatah party, led by Yasser Arafat (who himself referred to Hamas as “a creature of Israel.”)

“The Israeli government gave me a budget,” the retired brigadier general confessed, “and the military government gives to the mosques.”

“Hamas, to my great regret, is Israel’s creation,” Avner Cohen, a former Israeli religious affairs official who worked in Gaza for more than two decades, told the Wall Street Journal in 2009. Back in the mid-80s, Cohen even wrote an official report to his superiors warning them not to play divide-and-rule in the Occupied Territories, by backing Palestinian Islamists against Palestinian secularists. “I … suggest focusing our efforts on finding ways to break up this monster before this reality jumps in our face,” he wrote.

https://theintercept.com/2018/02/19/hamas-israel-palestine-conflict/

I firmly believe that the Israeli government has the strings of Hamas in their hands and have them commit terrorist attacks on demand, so that they can justify taking more land from the Palestinians. Being criticized for being an apartheid, Israel was losing its popularity recently and Netanyahu was in dire straits personally, and needed to turn things around.
Because Hamas is objectively terrible, even if such a terrorist org rising to power is the logical conclusion of Israels slow squeeze of Palestine. 

If they can convince you Palestinians broadly support Hamas, people are much more okay with Israel exterminating the entire peoples of Palestine.
Because today Hamas has pretty wide support among Palestinians. They'd almost certainly win an election if one had been held recently.
Can people really blame them if they do? 

If there was ever a Palestinian MLK, he was killed by Israel a long time ago.
Because they keep winning elections and because 77% of the population of the Gaza Strip supports Hamas.
Maybe something to do with all the videos of them cheering in the streets. Looks pretty supportive to me.
Because polls show Hamas would win an election in both gaza and the west bank by a landslide, which is why Fatah doesn't do elections.
Because there's an agenda to follow
Well one good reason is the massive celebrations in the streets during the terror attack.
Because Hamas WAS elected by Palestinian people. Anything else is a fucking lie. Yes, they were. Still doesn’t mean it’s a war against palestine though but it is the elected party.
[deleted]
Unfortunately the western media doesn’t care and hadn’t cared for decades about the Palestinians and neither do the other Muslim countries in the region. 
I don’t think people have any concept what it’s like to live in a stateless place that is occupied by a country that hates you. 
It’s understandable that the people of Palestine are filled with hate and anger. I’d argue it’s by design of both the religious nuts in Palestine(Hamas) and the right wing religious nuts in Israel. 

To me it’s a surprise that this isn’t happening more often. 

They need a peace deal and fast but it’s not going to happen
They aren’t homemade rockets. They’re Iranian manufactured military rockets.
This is the side of the story I feel like the west doesn’t want to promote, at least on most news sites. There is decades of war between these two countries and Palestine has been shrunk almost 90%. Biden telling people to get out when they haven’t been able to leave for years…. Just awful what’s going to come
Fortunately when a toddler punches you in the ankle no one dies, otherwise the attitude may not be the same. It is a very poor analogy made to minimize the actions. Hamas a moral actors, as are the people of Israel, Palestinians and every else involved. A toddler can not be viewed fully as a moral actor.
They’ve had choices. Israel has accepted two state solutions at various points. Palestine never has. What do you do with people who won’t accept a diplomatic solution and call to wipe you out lol
This is just incorrect on so many levels. A lot of the instances you're trying to use here were not misguided responses. When you talk about Israel attacking schools...it's because Hamas was launching attacks out of said schools. Because they know people like you will take that all completely out of context and scream about Israel bombing schools (how dare they!!!) without ever acknowledging why the school was attacked in the first place. 

These are the same people that use children and women as bullet shields because they know that at the end of the day, you'll see Israel as killing women and children, without acknowledging that Hamas launched attacks from these "safe spaces" in the first place. 

You see a threat, you eliminate the threat. 

And regardless of the iron dome, it's appalling that you think it's okay that Israel has to constantly defend itself with a complex and expensive system of defense as if it's the norm. It's not normal to have to protect yourself from a constant threat, regardless of how effective your defense actually is. 

Your analogy about the toddler is also ludicrous. Hamas routinely kills people, uses child/slave labor to dig tunnels under Israeli cities and launches suicide bomb attacks against civilians. So what the fuck are you on about a toddler hitting the ankle of an adult?

This isn't someone who's only capable of throwing rocks at Israelis...they're fully capable of killing innocent civilians too. 

They can get crushed like an ant for all I care. Even that's too dignified. Cockroaches. That's what Hamas is.
> When you're trapped in an open air prison

Stop attacking Israel? Stop calling for the destruction of Israel? Stop launching missiles? 

Lots of options here, Champ.
No choice but to separate women and girls for whatever fate you think these winners decide they deserve.

What do you think happened to those people?  Torture?  Rape?  Is that all okay, because of some kind of political dispute?
It's literally that Hunger Game and Catnis is Palestine.
The toddler analogy is insane when Palestinian actions are raping and murdering. What kind of immoral state would allow that to happen to its citizenry?

Also this idea doesn’t take into account the difference of both sides. Israel fires warning shots to allow civilian evacuations - Hamas doesn’t. Israel is deterred by human shields - Hamas uses human shields. And the most important: if Hamas stopped fighting, there would be peace (like there was in 2005 when Israel withdrew). If Israel stopped fighting, there would be genocide. It isn’t a toddler kicking their shin, it’s a little man with a shotgun.
I don't feel like arguing with scum like you after seeing so many videos coming out of that place I'm just hear to tell you about how happy I am and will be to watch the retribution on combat footage.
Prison???
They are completely free to leave and live in a different muslim country...there are lots of muslim countries to choose from.
Its horrible and those two peoples are pretty much locked in a self-destructive cycle.
We never learn. We just hate.
2500, 5000, 7500 homemade rockets ... surely you dont expect people to believe that. You realize more Palestinians die every time they attack or declare war on Israel right? When they call for the extermination of all Jewish people, Palestinians and Hamas mean all Jews. If you are Jewish, what is the appropriate response to this attack? Let your people be killed, raped, and taken hostage until there are no Jews left?
>"If you're a full grown adult, and a toddler comes and punches you in the ankle... what's the appropriate level of retaliation there?

If a toddler pulls a knife out at you and tries to stab you, retaliation is accepted for self preservation. To what degree that retaliation is is what gets questioned. It's accepted to punch and kick that kid until he's no longer a threat with that knife. Killing said kid gets you condemned instead. 

In a modern society, that kid who pulls a knife to shank an adult is separated from their parents and under a public institution of some sorts. That's what essentially was done with Hamas and Gaza. They are to be monitored and observed to make sure they don't try to stab someone again. And if they do? The punishments get worse. And when that kid is old enough to understand their acts and continues to act out? What happens then? That kid fucks around, they will then find out. 

Hamas has been around for quite some time, pulling off the same, if not worse stunts against Israel. Hamas fucked around, they are going to find out next. Anyone who wants to stick up for Hamas at this point is now stuck in the political and literal crossfire.
May be because the brave Palestinian Jihadis use women and children as cover?
Because Hamas keeps shooting rockets from residential buildings and other places where israeli counterfire will cause severe collateral damage?
Why do you murder Israeli civs...? Why do you rape them?
Perhaps Hamas should remove annihilation of Jews from their policy
>the current situation Israel has created.

Just to clarify, the entire reason Israel is occupying formerly Palestinian land is because Palestine attacked them unprovoked in 2 (3?) different wars and lost. So if they are a landless, stateless people it is due to their own actions and a natural result of Israel defending itself. 

Now I'm not saying Israel is in any way blameless. They have been brutal occupiers, escalated violence at the slightest opportunity, and the current administration has more similarities to Nazi Germany than the Jews they oppressed, but let's not act like Palestinians are innocent victims in this either.
Wtf you talking about? You act as though this is some part of recent events and that the war of 1948 never took place. 
Palestinians did this to themselves. They couldn't accept that the Jews were there, they attacked, they got their asses handed to them and lost land for it. They've been butt hurt ever since. Hamas is the result of that. You want to feel sorry for the losers that tried to eradicate the Jews in the first place? That's a really weird take. 

Do you feel bad for the Nazis too?
According to your link, Hamas got 44% of the vote, meaning 66% of Palestinians voted against them.
 The statement that the majority of Palestinians did not want Hamas as thier leaders is supported by your own source.
“Didn’t want” is in past tense. Things can and do change in 15 years when there’s fear involved.
“Didn’t want” means past tense. Hamas is the government. A terrorist organization. Palestinians are the people. Hamas took control years ago even though THEN, majority of Palestinians didn’t want them. Idk what it is now.
Source? My understanding is that is Iranian backing
Rich student bullies poorer classmate and teacher stand on the sides of the bully, for 75 years.
I can definitely imagine myself riding on a motorcycle and executing woman and children on a peace festival because I feel so victimised by their government.
Turning to violence is one thing.  Rape of women and children civilians is another.
What makes Hamas terrorists and Israel not? 

Hamas does not call for genocide, and their charter calls for a two state solution.

Part of the lie is painting any armed resistance as terrorism while regularly using violence as a tool.
I love how people think they can get away with adding credence to genocidal monsters by adding “Not saying they’re right…”.
I gotta be honest I'm pretty sure I wouldn't rape civilians and parade around their corpses even if I was in their position.

Idk about you though...
Then we'd end up just as dead. Most uprisings and rebellions end up in defeat. The person who said "it is better to die on your feet than to live your knees" did indeed die - and her side lost the Spanish Civil War, resulting in a fascist dictatorship.
I agree with your point. Intentionally killing innocent civilians is *never* ok, but the rest of the world has not lifted a finger to stop Palestinian oppression and its clear Israel has every intention to keep expanding their territory and further push Palestinians to the brink. In that situation, desperation makes you do the most unspeakable things.
Especially as they're on the cusp of losing their most powerful ally and best bargaining chip (Saudi Arabi) in a time that has seen the end of the diplomatic process. Israel blatantly flouts international law, and allowing the illegal settlements to thrive and Palestinian communities to be destroyed and the international community watches it all and barely bothers to condemn.
But they haven't been trying politics0 /diplomacy/world leaders for at least 20 years

They've been firing rockets from hospitals and schools
We already have mass shootings in the US and no one took their houses or land.
So you're saying that you would rape women, drag their naked bodies in the street, and kill men, women, children, old and young alike, if politics and world leaders failed you? You really might want to think about what you're saying.
It's not hard to imagine sure. But you better be expect violence to be thrown back at you, sometimes even more in return. You can't expect to resort to violence but then expect your opposition to sit back and take it on the chin. And you better not expect to be the ones in the right by complaining of the acts taken against you as you resort to violence.
I thought the same but just watch these i think we will all say we are hamas by the end of it. https://youtube.com/shorts/_G8mBbzKXfI?si=Pmsklh6haximZQe8
https://youtu.be/clh-v_LChoA?si=PvHjOhccvN3r2CPq
https://youtu.be/go1fJ1mV-n4?si=EWs-IcPQB87jAP95
https://youtu.be/xMYcMzV71rQ?si=adgPpGgdpJRzeibo
https://youtube.com/shorts/cGz0TzC2zTE?si=n7znNB-WHG_4cOLu
https://youtube.com/shorts/cGz0TzC2zTE?si=78xYn6ARrPt2Y9Be
Exactly, imperialism at it's finest. Historically, land grabs go over about as well as institutionalized slavery: lots of rebellions and simmering hate. Sad that we never learn from history, or ignore what we should have learned.
After they slaughtered 200 concert goers and paraded the body of a raped and murdered woman through the streets, yeah "savages and terrorists" sounds pretty accurate.
Ah yes America Bad! I love how Redditors pretend that genocide was only committed in the US.
This might be a reasonable statement if jews hadnt lived in the area for a couple thousand years prior.
Well said. The difference is that the Palestinian cause is not just for Palestinians like what the zionist propaganda machine spews, it's a cause for the over 2 billion Muslims on this planet.
Jew’s are from Judea.
The only way out of this cycle is for Israel to destroy any and all opposition and that's exactly what's going to happen give it 25 years
Oh, so Israel only attacks when Palestinians do it first?

Is that what you're saying, my dude?

Also, did you see the numbers? 2018 was 35k against 130.

You really 35K was just a normal reaction by Israel?
They've been making ridiculous demands
Well Ukraine keeps rejecting Russia's Peace offers aswell. Sometimes the terms of a peace deal are too unreasonable.
It's not a war when you live in a concentration camp under a fascist regime which wants you murdered and regularly kills your children referring to themselves as chosen ones. https://youtube.com/shorts/_G8mBbzKXfI?si=Pmsklh6haximZQe8
https://youtu.be/clh-v_LChoA?si=PvHjOhccvN3r2CPq
https://youtu.be/go1fJ1mV-n4?si=EWs-IcPQB87jAP95
https://youtu.be/xMYcMzV71rQ?si=adgPpGgdpJRzeibo
https://youtube.com/shorts/cGz0TzC2zTE?si=n7znNB-WHG_4cOLu
https://youtube.com/shorts/cGz0TzC2zTE?si=78xYn6ARrPt2Y9Be
One side killing 20x more and injuring 100x more is "regular military activities"?
IDF shoots kids all the time. Hamas kills civilians too. Fuck IDF and Hamas
Yeah everybody everyone is saying that they're a brutal people and that they all deserve this
No they've just been trying to survive and Israel has been murdering them and committing more crimes for about a century now
In that case, the rest of the world, IMHO, would also be like:

"yes, but why are they launching rockets?"

Look, I don't think there is fairness in this at all, no more. I am just deeply sad that innocent people have been killed or badly wounded, and innocent people are going to be killed, and people like you and I will have to simply go on with our lives knowing that people are being massacred, while we argue over abstractions.

So whatever: you win, or not, who cares. I am just saying that anyone picking a narrative/side as the victim is ill-informed. Both are. Israel just happens to be the rich, not really needing international help, victim. 

:(
The deaths need to be enumerated (labeled) otherwise deaths+injuries is shown. Either don’t show blue/red or enumerate both.
Some people don’t know that the UN personally funds the Palestinian conflict and aids in hiding weapons. Please do research on UNRWA
I sure am happy that the Nazis weren't the ones left in my country
So very common Ole rock W opinion
This reminds me of my grade 11 and 12 books where we had essays, stories written by many prominent figures.
 I would largely ignore them until one day I found out that One such guy (HG Wells) who 1st coined the term Atom bomb and predicted its use but they chose to include his treasure hunt story in the book instead of the more interesting one.
There was one from Bertrand Russel about Knowledge and Wisdom.
the MIC of Japan and Germany certainly didn't win.
MIC = $$$$

MIC always wins.
 Too be fair war has ALWAYS been big money for someone. Except maybe when we was nomads.
How about "not becoming the monsters who tried to eradicate them 70 years ago"? Hard fail there.
They had to lose WW2 first tho
Palestinian victory will come through the belly of their wife said Nasser I think
Why is state in quotes? 

Do you not believe in countries?
The problem with that is that the atrocities committed by Palestinians in the last couple of days are pretty fresh in everybody's minds.  It's not a good look to be parading corpses through the streets.  They are all about to pay for what their administration has done.  If it was a massacre before I guess the next months and years will be genocide.  There is no off-ramp for the Gaza strip unless Egypt is willing to take in 2 million more refugees (they're not).
Because they are terrorists
I know the Palestinians look delighted it what happened.  Israel was willing to live in peace, signed multiple peace agreements, but people like Arafat.  He died a billionaire while his wife and kids were living the life of luxury in Europe and his people were suffering.
Israel gave Gaza to the current residents in a cease-fire deal: Land for peace. Only Israel held up its end of the bargain
Israel want peace. IHamas tells their civilians to stand on the roof of a building where they manufacture rockets to launch into israel, and israeli airforce drops leaflets before bombing telling the people to leave the area. You want to free these people? Hold the right group accountable (Hamas).
Well judging by this guide it’s hard to imagine why that would be true /s
Come on. Let's be a bit more honest about the level of real grassroots support both sides have. Which side do you honestly think has the most organic sympathy? The colonizers or the colonized?
Yea and no one did fuck all to free them and here we are lol
Im in no way supporting israel, the US should stay the hellout of it but they wont, they always take israels side
This is probably the most ignorant comment I have ever read.
It's happened many times before. Has never worked out well for the other Arab countries...
Yeah, you should look into the history of that... thats pretty much how we got here.
Already happened, and yes, they won.
The US funds the Israeli iron dome.
The other side is a nuclear superpower….
“Some.” They’ve fired 4000 into Israel in the last 2 days.
this

also people who are saying pro-palestinians, if they reside in the 5 eyes, please be careful not to get tracked by deluded zionists who might be working for these countries or israel/mossad

> The Five Eyes (FVEY) is an intelligence alliance comprising Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the United States.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Five_Eyes

they share intelligence with israel and try to keep people who are pro palestinians down 

> GENEVA (2 August 2022) – UN experts* today denounced Israel’s harassment of human rights defenders and humanitarian workers in the occupied West Bank hamlets of Masafer Yatta, as its communities continue to be threatened by risks of forcible transfer, including mass forced evictions and arbitrary displacement.

https://www.ohchr.org/en/press-releases/2022/08/israel-criminalisation-and-harassment-human-rights-defenders-masafer-yatta
There's global outrage at Israel when they over-react to stone throwing (e.g. use lethal force rather than non-lethal back). Even some soldier does act like a moron and shoot a kid (which is terrible and I hope they are court martialed for it, I'd assume they are) it's different to hundreds of soldiers going in and killing every civilian they see as the terrorists from Hamas did.

If Israeli soldiers who kill non-combatants on purpose are not court martialed, I think that's shit too. I'm not ignorant enough to think you never get psychopath soldiers doing shit they shouldn't in conflict though.
>will eventually help us win this religious imperialistic war with most casualties on your side and you'll not even be recognised anymore as a sovereign state.

But originally, this conflict wasn't a religious war, bottomline it's a territorial dispute. Did it become a religious war in the eyes of outsiders, or even for the palestinians/ Israeli people?
isn't that the definition of guerilla warfare? Sticks and stones can still kill enough to make the other side loose.
Shhh morons don’t like the truth. Just let them pretend they’re human rights activists so they can get high off sniffing their own farts later.
Unguided rockets and guns don’t do as much damage as f-16’s with precision, high yield ordnance*

Happy?
I’m not picking sides, but the tech and weapons gap between Palestine and Israel is vast. Also, my memory works past yesterday.
Don’t even bother with this antisemitic echo-chamber. Waste of time.
If you read anything about *innocence* or *helplessness* in anything I posted, or where I justified these recent atrocities, let me know what it was bud.
Israel: Uses its technology to protect its people from rocket attacks.

Palestine: Uses its children to protect its men from missile strikes.

"Why are the casualties so lopsided?"
I’m not agreeing with you. It’s only asymmetrical because the Palestinians and their allies lost and Israel survived. What happened today is what happened when perfectly legitimate security barriers are taken down. The Palestinian side isn’t more ethical, just less powerful.
Is that what happened? They broke down the wall and tried freeing themselves? Were Palestinian nationalists also trying to free themselves when they massacred a bunch of Jews in the 1920s and 30s or was that something else?
Sometimes. They tend to be more effective at stopping invasions than migration.
The conflict did not start in 2008.
Yup. Every rocket thrown only gives power to the far right in Israel, which would perpetrate a real genocide on the Palestinians if they're given enough rein.
Fair, but after 15 years, what were you expecting hamas to do?
You could try a targeted surgical strike instead of just leveling buildings in residential areas. 

Rockets turn murder into statistics. 

If you need to kill 200 terrorists to placate your base, send in soldiers to kill 200 of them. Some will die. That’s war. 

I’d rather soldiers die in war than civilians.
It’s bred from desperation. Look at the death toll.
A real leader would think, "How do I put an end to this conflict so we don't lose any more of our people?" Not "How can I retaliate?"

The US retaliated after 9/11 and what did that accomplish?
Of course, the only answer to violence is more violence on top of more violence and so on. How can a political leader react in any other way - just have people kill more people, easy.
And you're telling me that Israel with the best intelligence gathering in the world could not see Hamas gathering for an attack? This is a ploy and nothing more for Israeli leadership to attack Palestinians.
They're not obligated to bring down residential building and kill women and children... even after yesterday's incident... but that's exactly what they'll do.
So the Iraq and Afghanistan war were good then because they were a response to a terrorist attack? Nah sometimes literally just doing nothing is the right response
Keep that analysis going though and add "because they are an oppressor nation" to the end.
And where the fuck are they supposed to go? Unless Egypt lets in every refugee they are stuck in Gaza, those announcements are worthless.
lol, just look at the amount of civilian casualties and look me in the eyes and tell me isreal aren't doing the same thing as hamas but much worse.

they stole their land, oppresses them, have committed several large scale massacres and broken almost all human rights violations and false imprisonments, pushed the people into an open air prison with extremely high population density, throws tens of thousands of missiles, a lot of which happens without "announcement" (not that that makes much of a difference anyway) and modt of those "announcements" happen only a couple of minutes before the bombing, then act like they are the good guys by paying billions to media outlets, or simply because they actually have control over those media outlets.
Honest question, why are their strikes causing so many more civilian casualties than the other side's then?
From the UN's Goldstone report:

>The Goldstone Report commented that civilians inside their homes "cannot be expected to know whether a small explosion is a warning of an impending attack or part of an actual attack". It stated that the practice is not an effective advance warning, and is instead likely to "cause terror and confuse the affected civilians".
That graphic up above really screams minimum civilian casualties.
I don't see many/any people supporting Hamas here, the reality is though the more desperate things get for people in Gaza the easier it is for Hamas to recruit volunteers for stuff like this. Just look at how extreme the current elected Israeli gov is and Israeli voters live in luxury compared to Gazans. That's more difficult to understand tbh.
People are so ignorant about the conflict, the majority of Palestinians are not interested in sharing the territory with Israel making peace impossible.
ITT: unironic terrorist sympathisers
Describing unarmed women and children as armed wings of Palestinian movements is an interesting choice of words
over half of Palestinians support Hamas.
They are civilians, these "civilians" ARE Hamas terrorists.
welcome to the pro-palestine propaganda
Yeah, I think freedom fighters would be a lot better.
A homemade drone made with smuggled parts is clearly the same thing as a modern assault aircraft...  /s
i draw the line generally speaking around the area where it's people resisting an occupying force that stole their land and systemically killed, oppressed and pushed them out of their homes and continues to do so. 

but that's just me.
This event was tragic and horrific, but it was also inevitable. This was always going to happen so long as Israel refused to change it's policies regarding how they interact with Palestinians. And this is going to happen again, because unless Israel commits outright genocide and kills every man, woman and child in Gaza, more terrorists are going to be radicalized. 

I am honestly beginning to think Israel can't be trusted to handle this issue. If it were possible, I would prefer a neutral party, the UN maybe, or even the US, to station troops in both Israel and Palestine, and disarm both sides. I am for two state, and as complicated as the situation is, I don't think Israel should be left vulnerable to attack, either inside or outside. But I don't trust Israeli military forces to handle the Palestine issue in a reasonable way.
Hamas != the Palestinian people
You didnt mention the israeli side’s end goal
So, by your logic, the Israeli citizens are also responsible for the thousands of Palestinian killed by their government, right?
Military strength matters when you're trying to actually live in your own country.  It doesn't matter if you can carry out a guerrilla war where you live if you also can't raise your kids there or provide them with a decent life.  Israel levels homes regularly, but somehow that doesn't seem to matter to many people.
You have short term memory right? [Children among 19 killed by Israeli tank fire](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2006/nov/08/israel2)
If 70 years had passed and Russians had taken control of most of the US for all that time, then it would be quite irrational to continue fighting. I remind you that any incidents of Israelis killing Palestinian civilians are always unintended casualties of attempts to apprehend terror suspects, unlike the approach of Hamas and their predeccessors to directly target civilians. Zionist militias did that too ages ago, but it hasn't been true for a long time.
But what if Russia illegally and forcefully took over US's land and US citizens are forced to flee from persecution? Should Americans just accept their fate?
Not much. But Israel essentially tries to make Palestinians leave it the fuck alone. It's not really comparable.
I totally agree with what you say. But why go to a festival and slaughter hundreds of innocent? Why kidnap, rape and torture civilians? If they had only attacked millitary targets and tried to avoid civilian causalties i could support their strive for freedom, but now i think they are just a bunch of animals with weopons
Palestinians never had any say about their land. Do you think if they accepted the partition plan they could have had their own state and self-rule? Instead of getting other countries to attack Israel?

I think if Palestine got rid of the terrorists in charge there is a good chance for peace. Do you think killing civilians will result in a better situation for the Palestinians?
Yes, everything is America's fault.
The recovery time is like 5 minutes. Been gassed repeatedly in an enclosed room.
Israel.  Hamas and the PLO have a long history of lying about casualties.
2011. Before that they had an earlier version that was less integrated and effective, but still shot down rockets.
77% of the timeline presented.

Which mind you, Palestine started indiscriminate rocket attacks on Israel starting in the early 2000s, and is really the evolution of neighboring Arab countries lobbing the occasional Scud into Israel.
He's not gonna respond lol
Israel still had missile warning system, which is by far more effective in conjunctions with bomb shelters. Palestinians don't have those, because all the concrete goes for tunnels into Israel for terrorist acts. Israel is also good at counter-battery fire. 

Hamas habitually positions their launchers in residental areas, and forbids the people around to leave. When the counter-battery fire reaches the target, civilians become collateral, HAMAS films them and shows to useful idiots like you. 

Also HAMAS rockets constantly fail and often crash into Palestinian homes killing Palestinans, without managing to reach anything else. 

Whatever terrorist apology you use, the **undisputable fact** remains: HAMAS launches massive unguided missile barraage at Israeli cities. Another **undisputable fact** is that in return, IDF habitually warns the staff of buildings that are military targets about impeding bombardments so that people could evacuate. The only military in the world to do so with any regularity.
It only matters to them when Israeli civilians die. They are celebrating they death of Palestinian civilians on subs where videos of war is being posted
*"95% intercepted"* doesn't mean 95% success rate. Israel doesn't intercept Rockets aimed at open areas, or Rockets that misfire from their intended targets and don't reach populated areas. 
Addionally, the Palestinian death toll includes Rockets fired from Hamas that landed back in Gaza, of which there are plenty.  
Just yesterday Hamas shot 5,000 Rockets at populated areas in Israel. If each one of these hit its target, the death toll would've been about tenfold than it is today.
I have a long bus ride and I see a lot of propaganda on my feed. I'm not gonna tolerate people trying to excuse this massacre, so I make comments.
r/dataisbeautiful is for interesting data. It doesn’t have to be beautiful
something depressing can also be beautiful (like in this situation)
r/dataisbeautiful is for appreciation of datas
r/dataisbeautiful isn’t about that the content of the data is beautiful
You’re confusing facts and propaganda.
IIRC Israeli opinion on Palestinians generally is extremely negative even with young people now, the state doesn't even need to sponsor online propaganda networks anymore.
it's fun that the 4chan subreddit is the only place I've seen any other viewpoint.
/r/jidf
Oh f off, tankie. I'm neither Jewish nor Israeli but fuck Palestine & Hamas & you df supporters. Hamas wouldn't even want you in their society.
[deleted]
Do you have proof of rapes? If not, then you can’t accuse anyone of such an act. Someone posted proof of Israelis raping Palestinians.
>erases all good will

Am I interpreting this wrong or are you saying that you don’t care how many Palestinians IDF has killed over the years?
I’m not sympathetic to either. They’re both in the wrong.
Ignoring the constant killings in that region does this..
lol there you go
Yeah why post it here is the question
[deleted]
I'm no expert on the matter (nor is just about anyone on this thread), so forgive me if I don't have the full picture. Because I don't. 

But in answer to your question, as an example, the fact that Israel has an iron dome to deflect incoming attacks. The graph sets a narrative of "Israel is more violent than Palestine", but that might not necessarily be the case (or at least, not as strongly the case as the graph suggests).

Another consideration is the timing of this post. Had this been posted a week ago, most redditors would respond with "yeah, Israel are really screwing Palestine over." But given this is posted shortly after the abhorrent attacks on Israel, it's fair to assume that the purpose of this post is to push the narrative of "Israel deserves it." Hence, a biased propaganda piece.
That the most of injuries are tear gas irritation and rubber bullets wounds.

https://www.ochaopt.org/data/casualties
Hamas intentionally fills high value targets with civilians to make Israel look bad in public light. Hamas is not only not protecting its citizens,  its using them as shields
The part where practically every escalation in violence has come from the Palestinian side.  The part where Hamas uses civilians as human shields for their military operations.
That Palestinian lives are worth less.
Covering the root causes of the casualties each year would be a good start.
If you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice.
The context that Israel was recently invaded by Hamas, which is basically a Palestinian based religious militant group whose mission statement calls for the death of all Jews. Tons of videos have been coming out of Hamas executing men, women, and children in mass alongside stats show Israeli civilian and military casualties. The timing of this post comes off as, "see the Israelis deserve it." Whether that was OPs intentions or not, perhaps learning some tact may be good.
other question: what context do we see? is data without context a good thing? does it present truth? without context, you could present a graph where the US killed thousands of germans some time in history. who needs context, am i right?
A graph of victims who's killers were jews might be very true factual statistics and propaganda at the same time.
Wait what? I didn't know that
That’s not lying, it’s just looking at data from a certain perspective. Lying would be to make a claim without any data supporting it regardless or how much it’s manipulated.

Representing data in a certain fashion can mislead people but with any statistical study, you have to look at things other than the data to determine the feasibility of the data. Like how the data was obtained, measured, by who, etc. If you don’t do that, you probably shouldn’t be talking about statistics in the first place.
Awesome. And how do you think the stats could be misrepresented here other than showing one side having most power and killing more people?
Yeah, agree 100%.

This is literally day 1 in high school statistics and history classes.
For the first three, from [this source](https://www.ochaopt.org/data/casualties#) the data for Palestinian deaths+injuries looks like this: 

2008: 3224

2009: 7479

2010: 1667

For Israeli deaths and injuries:

2008:852

2009:123

2010:185

It looks like the data is from a real UN source and from examining the first three points, the data is not significantly different.
No data earlier than 2008 like 2000 during intifada for example, and showing overall death excluding terrorists.
Posting this right after the invasion, and not including the last 3 years is manipulative.
It leaves out the context that practically every escalation in violence has come from the Palestinian side.  Also many of the deaths comes from Hamas using civilians as human shields for their military operations.
Putting death and tear gas aspiration in same bin is a clear bias for me.
It also doesn't say anything about context.

For instance, I can say based on real data that US casualties in ww2 was around one milion vs. German casualties which was almost 8 milion.

Now imagine I only show you this data without any context.. the data is correct but I will still be lying to you as I don't show you the complete picture..

Would you have concluded that the US side were terrorists from that data?!

Statistics can be very misleading depending what you decide to show..
The simple act of posting this during this moment is either an attempt to rhetorically counter what Israel is about to do in response to their own 9/11, or an attempt to minimize the casualties that Israel is suffering right now by showing that comparatively it shouldn't be considered as bad.

It's not a coincidence that it was posted now of all moments, and in doing so given the current circumstances it shows an inherent bias.
Let's start with the fact that more than 600 Israelis are already confirmed dead in this attack alone
If you killed a guy who was breaking into your home, the average person wouldn't describe you as a murderer. If I showed a graph of all the people you killed to everyone, they might call you a murderer. Leaving people to draw their own conclusions from data is either negligence or bias. Your school research paper isn't gonna get an A for having some sick bars. 
 
The data says most people get in car accidents within 15 miles of home. The analysis says that's because you're driving within 15 miles of home pretty often. Yet my suspension must suffer excessive speedbumps because some people heard the data and thought its because we stop paying attention when we get close to home.
Not showing how many of the dead/injured are combatants vs. noncombatants

Using bars of dead vs. injured which essentially obscure the death counts

Using Hamas’s reported casualty figures at face value

Counting people that got bruised during a protest in 2018 as the “injured”
So… read the comment I replied to. Own your opinion, don’t be a coward.
The mental gymnastics to justify any of this is amazing
Lol he isn't making the great point he thinks he is
Can you really call it propaganda tho? It is true than multitudes more Palestinians have died in this conflict than the other way around
tbch the only reason I wasn't more pro-palestine in this comment was to prevent uneducated internet users from yelling at me, but, again, most blame you associate with the jewish people can be traced back to the government and propaganda/brainwashing from them
Sorry i misread what u said 
Here'sy point https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMj99Jo5K/
Seriously, her silence is deafening!
the admins are morally bankrupt corporate chucklefucks, are you surprised?
What was it, the extinction of humanity or something?
If it's calling for gaza's why remove tho?
“Being a Sniper’s a good job mate, challenging work, out-of-doors. I’ll guarantee you’ll not go hungry, for as long as there’s two people alive, someone is going to want someone dead.”
What’d they say
Yes
Nazi-Germany was assisted by the evangelical church. It was used as cover. Which, in the end, jump started WW2, no?

We have Islamic invasions into Europe throughout the dark age. 

Christian crusades into islamic territories. 

Japan has used Buddhist ideals of harmony and peace to justify their warlord era.

Religion doesn't even have to be used in war, it can also be the culprit governmental force. 

Almost all theocratic regimes are terrorist-states that mistreat or kill their populations for power and/or religious dogmata. 

Religion sows hatred, death and war. It has never in its existence achieved peace. Never achieved an advantage for humanity. It's the root of all evil and has to be annihilated. Entirely. Totally.
such as
By people that could not be farther away from a given God. The book itself mentions people will do this, sad but not surprising.
Depends what his job is supposed to be.
The old epiricus dilema has been answered many times, also I don't really need to defend God, I'm the fragile one here. lol
It's an excuse, not a reason, I would say.
If we take into account our sinful nature, this is what we are trying to do since Adam and Eve. That's literally what being sinful means, to go against God.
I'm saying if we look into historical materialism, no civilization were free from war. That said, only a higher power, non human, is able to end this cycle.

But you are free to disagree and do as most of people and just keep on hoping man changes it's way, not magically.
Because of the British lazy ass.
I'm sure something would help, It's just that no one has found that something yet.
Exactly, there’s also the little fact that there’s a lot of evidence Israel greatly aided in the rise of Hamas in order to split the Palestinian movement and promote a more radical movement that the west would never support
Gaza is an “inescapable prison” because the second it got self governance after camp David they began to bomb Israel. Why do you think even Egypt blocks the border?
Israel made Gaza an unescapable prison after the Gazans elected a literal terrorist group to power. Egypt has a blockade on the Gazan border as well, because it's a massive security threat. We've seen what happens if Israel leaves the border unsecured - terrorists cross over and slaughter civilians.
This. 100%
didn't they blockade it when Gaza accepted Hamas as their government? that could be seen as complacency to or even acceptance of terrorism.
What should they have done in response to suicide bombings and terrorist attacks from the strip?
> i don’t think anyone is claiming Palestinians don’t have blood on their hands

they absolutely are. good amount of them in this thread
A lot of it comes from the black and white, us vs them nature and mob mentality of western politics, especially in the US. A lot of left wing people side with Palestine blindly because the right support Israel. This isn’t a political statement siding with either just pointing out how extreme the division is that people will overlook human rights violations on both sides.
i’m starting to realize that. mentioned the words “both sides” in my local city’s subreddit and got the eye roll emoji in response. pain
>Israel could wipe every Palestinian off the face of earth, but don't.

They can't, or they will lose all remaining support and be left alone against everyone in the Middle East.
[deleted]
Someone didn’t look at the graph…
I sincerely hope you [keep that same energy](https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/08/28/west-bank-spike-israeli-killings-palestinian-children) when you see the IDF killing school children on their way to class, [rape women in jails/in front of their families](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=&ved=2ahUKEwjeiP3bmuiBAxVSlWoFHUwuAo0QFnoECB4QAQ&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cair.com%2Fcair_in_the_news%2Fisraeli-guards-rape-palestinian-women%2F&usg=AOvVaw28mT2K5BlnS4O_8DLJ-Af7&opi=89978449), or forcefully [remove families from homes then demolish them](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israeli_demolition_of_Palestinian_property) in what is basically an open air concentration camp. What's sad is these few examples I've shared were all within this year and don't take into account the previous 15 years of equal or worse war crimes committed against innocent Palestinians. 

Israel created the monster that is Hamas with countless deplorable atrocities, and now want to play victim by declaring war. The numbers speak for themselves, Israel was more than happy to murder and genocide an entire population into subsistence and is now crying wolf after tasting their own medicine.
I can understand someone coming to that mindset when the other country has been commiting a systemic genocide on your people for decades. Killing civilians, women and children, in their places of worship and their own homes, taking their land away from them and treating them like second class citizens. 

This reaction is inevitable when you contain and murder hundreds of thousands of people. Treat them like animals why are you surprised they react like animals? 

Kind of you to ignore the war crimes Israel is committing though.
Chill on the chest thumping. Israel would be annihilated without western support- support they would lose by "wiping out" Gaza.
You haven't seen the massive protests in Israel calling for the entire genocide of palestine have you? Clearly not.
That's generally what apartheid does to those subjected to it.
Israel is not wiping out Palestinians simply out of the kindness of their hearts. They're just doing it systematically and over time to avoid global scrutiny and condemnation.
They were doing it, if you check maps over time, the size of palestine shrank considerably through the years, denounced by international voices, yet they are doing it all the same. You can imagine the feelings of the people being robbed of the land, in any case it leads to something like this.
Elected once, then dismissed from Palestinian Government when they seized military control in 07 and actually attacked and destroyed their primary opposition.

Hasn’t been an election in Gaza since 2006.
Difficult to say, they were elected 17 years ago in a place where the average person is around 18 years old.
It was elected 17 years ago, the majority of Palestine’s population is 18 or younger, difficult to say exactly how supported. And it really shouldn’t be shocking that they are supported, considering even if they fail every time at least they take action, unlike the PLO who has been allowing for the West Bank to slowly be settled by Israel
Because reality? If you didn't notice, they've literally lost 90% of their land already...
Yeah Israelis should feel the same
[deleted]
I think I'm pretty okay.
No, they cannot. The only way for a Palestinian to return to Palestine is to obtain a new passport, then go through a system which removes their history as a Palestinian, removing their passport alongside it, effectively removing the Palestinian ethnicity. Ethnic cleansing in a very subtle form that many people fall for. At least that's the case for Gazans
They will not get east Jerusalem back.  They need to move on or be stuck in poverty for another 70 years.
Gotcha, so you’re saying it’s only genocide when there’s no knock on the door before killing everyone in the house 👍
https://reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/s/Lzco7pdJbB

There are just as many Israelis with views as extreme as hamas as there are palestinians
The lengths at which people will go to claim a both sides argument for Hamas and Israel is astounding.

Hamas kills to send messages, Israel kills as defense.

Hamas loves when their members kill, rape, murder.

Israel punishes (albeit mildly similar to USA police) the soldiers and officers who do these acts.

But no this is clearly genocide and Israel is clearly the white suppressor.

Anti semitism is one helluva drug
Just because a genocide is happening at a slower pace does not mean it isn't a genocide. Not every genocide can live up to the staggering numbers of the holocaust. This is a really silly argument
I think they are implying Isreal is the one launching the genocide...
people only see israels actions but dont understand the motives behind it. They are quite literally fighting for their lives and have been for 70 years
Every move of the borders has been a response to Palestinian violence.
Supported by united states tax payers...
One side sends a text message to evacuate so they can minimize civilian casualties, the other side has the stated purpose of maximizing civilian casualties.
The precision missles cause less death than random missiles if we removed iron dome.
Good. 

If the power imbalance were reversed Israel would cease to exist.
As it should be, considering Israel has been defending itself for over 70 years.
You'd think people who value their life, would stop shooting rockets on towns, which encourages a response from said much better equipped army.
Well don’t attack the country with state if the art weaponry and this wouldn’t happen then. Seems easy enough to me.
Even with this imbalance and iron dome, israel the last few days had a huge amount of deaths for the scale the data is in, it's clear that without iron dome Israeli deaths would be much higher, but that's mainly down to targeting, generally Israel tries to limit civilian deaths while hamas soldiers yesterday specifically targeted them.
it doesn't matter how much money a explosive device costs, in the end it kills you just as much.  
  
hamas keeps aiming their shitty but effective (if they weren't targeted by the multibillion dollar iron dome) rockets at civilian centers.  
  
they also know full well that there is a retaliation and that they have nothing to stop israel.  
  
and i am very much on israels side with this one. if i had to fear every day for my life because so fucked up religious morons were firing rockets at our homes then i would also want my governement to fuck them up hard.
[deleted]
So your suggestion is for Hamas to getter better rockets so more Israelis could die to equal out the suffering? Am I getting it?
Very cost effective regardless of the power imbalance. 

10,000-20,000 dollars vs hundreds of thousands. 

There's an economic imbalance, but that gets ignored.
Does the power imbalance excuse the Palestinians for being a terror state in your mind?
If hamas leaders didn’t embezzle money and prefer missiles to defence it wouldn’t be this way.
God damn you think people care if their loved ones are killed by a cheap rocket or a multimillion dollar missile? What a lack of fucking nuance.
It is, it’s also the reason the us will keep funding it. using a different 50,000$ to immediately blow up the place it was fired from would be much easier solution, it’s just usually going to be a school/hospital/heavy crowd population. What people here don’t understand is that better rockets doesn’t always mean stronger blast power, it is usually a more precise rocket with much less collateral damage
Who’s saying anything like that?
No joke, they fire thousands of cheap rockets from a densely populated place with lots of tallish buildings. Gotta wonder.
I want to know how many were being used as human shields by militants.
None. According to the very legitimate Hamas controlled Palestinian Health Ministry that definitely has no agenda.
Lol, ya dude. That's it.
No it wouldn't end lmao, are you not at all aware of what Hamas' end goal is? I'll help you out a bit, it's not the freedom and safety of the Palestinian people.
Probably not, Palestinians very obviously have been fighting a lost battle for years. It is time to give up and start fighting a political battle for a fair compromise.
That's not when it started either.
they should not be refugees because they have ample lands stolen from them, and which the world horibly tolerate.
Good read but
ChatGPT, can you write an overly wordy history of the conflict in the middle east that is heavy on bothsideism?
you answered your question before you even asked it
> followed by a series of other wars and conflicts between Israel and its Arab neighbors

No, it didn't?
[deleted]
Not saying you're lying but I just fed pieces of the constitution through and it said 0% chance. You should try it yourself to confirm.
Your bias is very obvious and that has led to you writing this insanely unempirical comment. Do you also believe that fairies exist?
> From that time it was mostly muslim living with Christian minorities.

Conveniently forgetting the Jews, are we?

Of course *some* people converted immediately. But it wasn't even a major goal of early Islamic conquerors to convert any Christian or Jewish subjects, so there's no reason to believe that a majority of people in Palestine converted early on.

It may have happened by the 9th century (when most people in the region started speaking Arabic as their lingua franca), but as I said: there was definitely still a lot of religious diversity in the region until modern times.
Isn’t anti Palestinian discourse anti-semitism as well?
Because criticism of Israel almost always includes aligning with groups who explicitly want to exterminate all Jews, like the Palestinians.
[deleted]
I’m not European. I don’t care about shit that happened in the Bible days. I care about European colonialism that took over a region just like they took over India, Nigeria, the US, Brazil, Australia, South Africa etc in the period of 1600-1970.  Israel was late established during this time as a brand new settler colonial state. *people were already there with a legitimate country for a longtime* and Europeans took it and claimed it as their own with force and BOOTED (genocided) the people who lived on the land like the US did and setup South African style apartheid. This is bad.  What happened 1000-6000 years ago doesn’t matter to be honest. Those people have all been dead for many hundreds of years.
Yeah fair enough.
I mean, there are better write-ups of the conflict that are actually written by human hands, like this [one](https://digitalcommons.iwu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?referer=&httpsredir=1&article=1026&context=history_honproj)! It delves more into the early origins of Israel and zionism as an idea, as well as early settlement by Jews in the late 19th and early 20th century, as well as their relations with the Arabs.
ChatGPT isn't known to tell facts.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2014/07/31/why-hamas-stores-its-weapons-inside-hospitals-mosques-and-schools/
Israel has a commitment to protecting its people which includes taking out weapon and rocket stockpiles that happen to be kept in schools, mosques and hospitals. Hamas clearly has no such commitment to its people by continuously putting them in harms way. Hopefully one day the people of Gaza will rise up against their “elected”oppressors. That’s the only true path to peace there
zionist\* . Dont associate all of us with these schmucks
Exactly! Man I had been a palestinian supporter for most my life now I am questioning a lot cause I have been fed propaganda and I don't know whats really the truth cause the israeli side of things is also shrouded in their own perspective. So i don't know really know anymore , feeling guilty whenever I here something for my side and against it. I don't know how to turn neutal and redeem myself

The problem is extremism and hatred baked on both sides , this dehumanizes the other side and spells an "us vs them" mentality and this mainly the mindset of those that are carrying out the actions hamas soilders and leaders , israeli soilders and leaders. Out of this the innocents suffer the most.
If they didn't have American protection and weapons, they'd be wiped off the map decades ago.
so their enemy has to protect their own citizens? this is what i don't understand here. Palestine has to clean up Hamas if they don't want this shit.  if they can't then they will die.. because Israel has to protect it's citizens as well.
It tells you exactly what it needs to tell you. Hamas actively targets civilians with shitloads of rockets. Just because they're shit at hitting targets doesn't mean they're not trying.
Well then we can be grateful for Palestinian incompetence getting in the way of their bloodthirst.
Oh in that case it’s perfectly fine one side fires rockets randomly into places where civilians are. They’re not *that* deadly
so having shitty weapons excuses you from retaliation?  LOL  if you poke a bear, you know you will be mauled, so maybe don't poke the bear.
> hamas send wayyy more rockets

Israel has one rocket that could destroy Gaza, numbers of rockets tell you 0 about the issue.
Yeah it's actually quite few deaths everything considered. Just look at the amount of death in the Russia Ukraine war. And that's just barely 2 years.

It's obvious Israel has been holding back
Over a hundred rocket attacks on Gaza last year by Israel.

Rocket attacks on Israel by Gaza? Over a thousand.

vIcTiMs
1 Israel rocket does as much damage as 500 hamas rockets
And also a fear tactic, hearing the alarms every day and having to sleep in a bomb shelter takes a toll.

This time they were able to break in to a bomb shelter and open fire on the people hiding, slaughtering them all
Israel has precision guided weapons, Hamas does not. 

Hamas fires large amounts of unguided rockets into Israel with the explicit intent to kill innocents. Israel intercepts them and you call them evil for stopping the attacks?
If the atomic bombs weren’t dropped the only way to make Japan surrender was a full scale invasion, which would lead to ten times the casualties, many among them allied soldiers
The people living around Gaza are living in the area assigned to Israel back in 1947 and approved by most of the world, and if you don’t think that’s valid then I guess you just support the murder of every Jew living in Israel
Comparing Hamas firing 3000 rockets (that can kill people and destroy building) specifically at civilian targets to a toddler is just plain wrong
Intention do matter. If Hamas had the same fire power they would have killed more than Israel did.
God, funny that all these people supporting Palestine also happen to be devoid of any common sense.
As a realist, how far back does the Ukraine’s existence go? Doesn’t Russia have the right to have that land under the Soviet Union? Of course not. Geopolitics is way more complicated. 

This isn’t English and French colonialization of Africa, this is different. Actually, if you want to look into modern colonialization of Africa, look up financial colonialization, as there’s some really good empirical books about China’s financial investments and strong holding developing countries throughout Africa, the Middle East, and parts of South America. Basically, they pump up a country by funding industrialization, then control the government through trade deals and economic sanctions. It’s smarter than the political imperialism that the US tried in the 20th century, which was disrupt a government, set up a puppet head, then hope democracy prevails as we slowly pull out our resources, but hey. 

Back to my point. 
The US is only 250 years old. Before that, Europeans essentially settled in the early 1500s.  Yes there were cod fisherman here in the 1400s, but regardless, should all non-native people now be considered violent threats to Native Americans who can use RPGs on nonviolent groups of non-native civilians? No. Hamas is a terrorist group, and there’s no real government set up for Palestine, but Hamas is state funded and “unofficially” state backed. Therefore, allies of Israel, which the west is, are obligated to back their ally against a terrorist militia group and blow back offense. Israel is at war and the U.S. and other allies should do everything to back them in that war. 

It’s the same as protecting the people in Ukraine. I don’t know how Reddit gives Ukraine a pass but not Israel. 

If Israel doesn’t stop, put up forces, and attack and retaliate multiple times harder, then what happened this weekend will happen to all of their people until they are all dead. This is a people who have, within current living generations, been the forefront of the worst genocide in modern history. Many Israelis have had to rebuild and re-founded Israel as their home since theirs was ripped away in the Holocaust. It’s the cause that shortly thereafter gained them statehood officially from the United Nations. They are surrounded by oppressors who deem every man, woman, child, elderly, enfeebled, and disabled Jewish person a violent threat, authorized to be killed on sight. The Holocaust is alive and real in Israel, and I do not fault the Israelis for taking up arms and fighting full force against oppressive regimes like Palestine, who state-funds terrorist militias and terrorism.
Call the claim silly all you want, they’ve still maintained it for the entire duration of their exile. Morally, I see no reason they shouldn’t be able to go back and live among the other locals. If they can’t handle Jews living among them and respond by killing them, they shouldn’t complain when the Jews fight back.
I've never seen anyone who isn't braindead claim that Palestine has never done anything wrong, but the reason why people bring up *recent* history is because Israel is the nuclear-armed state backed up by billions of dollars of American aid that is also condoning illegal settlement on the West Bank all while being a major player in maintaining Gaza as the world's largest open-air prison
I think the issue is the hope is that we learn from the past not perpetuate the same thing over and over and over and over again and have a never ending cycle of revenge. 

Right now Israel is a military powerhouse with a solid economy. 

They have a choice to not commit the same atrocities that were committed against them when the oldest people remaining in our society were children, but instead we have the same thing. 

At this point Israel not only bears responsibility for the deaths of Palestinians, but of their own people as well.

You can not claim to commit all your atrocities in the name of self defence against a terrorist organization while you have been actively oppressing and brutalizing their people  for an extended period of time.
They weren’t “given” anything. Jews were migrating into Palestine peacefully for decades with the intentions of making it their home and were slaughtered for doing so well before there was any occupation. I do not condone the actions of the Israeli government, but it really seems the occupation hasn’t changed much.
Jews inhabited the area for a long time. I know Jews who are sixth generation in Israel. And looking way back, you can't deny the fact that some of the Muslim holy places are literally built above the Jewish ones.
Uh, no. That’s literally the opposite of what happened. The British owned the land, they split it between Palestine and Israel. Palestinians then waged war, which they lost, against Israel. Over and over and over.
The massacres I mentioned weren’t against the British. They were against Jews.
You mean the groups that emerged in response to ongoing anti-Jewish massacres?
False.

In the 1920s, there were anti-Jewish massacres in Jerusalem, Safed, Hebron, etc.

In the 1930s, the Arab Revolt killed hundreds of Jews.

In the 1940s, Palestinian nationalists incited the Farhud, a brutal massacre against the Jews of Baghdad.

In 1948, contemporaneously with the Nakba, every single Jew living in East Jerusalem, the West Bank, and Gaza was expelled down to the last man, woman, and child. The Old Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem was completely razed to the ground.

This all predates the occupation.

The earliest Jewish attacks on Palestinians began in the wake of the Arab revolt of the 1930s, and really only ramped up in the years leading up to 1948 at a time when Jews were still subjected to the same thing.
You’re moving the goalposts somewhat. My argument wasn’t “Israel is justified in attacking Palestinians now because Palestinians attacked Jews long ago”. I have no love for the Israeli government. I’m responding to people saying “this is a occupation not a conflict” by point out that the violence here has predated the occupation by a significant amount.
This comment addresses literally nothing I said and is easily rebutted by things I have already said.
First, nothing you said even responded to anything I said. You are just throwing shit at the wall.  That being said:

> Yeah keeping 2million people in an open air prison.

Not being able to travel abroad isn’t being in prison. They were living in their homes with their families. Obviously Hamas knows the difference because they just went into hundreds of families homes and shot them.

> Shooting their legs when they peacefully tried to walk out, 

Peacefully??  Are you kidding?  We just saw what happens when gazans “walk” into Israel. There is no right to cross an international border into another country at all and certainly not when you’re in a conflict with them.

> the rationing of electricity to them 

Why does Israel have to give them electricity at all?

> and the limiting of their ability to grow food

That’s just made up?

>  is something asking to a modern day concentration camp.

You can’t have a concentration camp when you aren’t actually *concentrating* people somewhere 

> All controlled by Isreal.

Yeah, because the Palestinians and their Allie’s wouldn’t stop attacking it.

> Their view that somehow been Jewish makes you better and you deserve to live

That’s the problem - that you think Jews don’t deserve to live

> you deserve to prosper.

There’s no such thing as “deserving” to prosper.

> While those who called the land home those who you found there should just suffer under the sword and foot of Israeli occupation?

You mean the ones who repeatedly attacked Israel and have been killing civilians for a 100 years?  But whom Israel nonetheless offered a two state solution to many time?

> What a sick person it must take to take the side of Israel. What a sad excuse for human existence, you must have so much hate in you....

Oh, the irony and projection
I mean if you launch rockets at another country you’re going to get all of that shot back at you. Don’t pick fights you can’t win
Just say Israel doesn’t have a right to exist or defend itself and move on lol. 

And then explain how your not a fucking Nazi
That’s not true . The UN recognizes the areas of conflict as part of Israel and recognizes Israel as a nation.  The only people who don’t are Arab states that wish the holocaust was worse
You'd be sure but you'd be wrong. Like many others, you leave nuance at the doorstep and decide to just spew BS. 

In general, I am against violent conquest. Any nation that was formed in that way I see as the illegitimate occupiers of that land. 

As it stands, Ukraine hardly perpetrated violence against the people of the land, they ARE the people of that land and just seceded. Same with Poland. 

But the Arabic Muslims are a different case- they are not the original relatively peaceful people of that land, they violently invaded in the 7th century. 

But you never considered actual history, because to you the world is black and white.
I see you decided to leave all nuance at the doorstep before walking into this conversation. Not every nation would be at war, there are countless nations where the natives live in their ancestral locations just fine. In others, there can be peaceful talks with peaceful resolutions of justice, like how 47 percent of the state of Oklahoma rightfully belongs to native nations again.

Europe is an interesting case because they were the ones knocking on other people's doors (homelands) and plundering them. Not the case with Jewish people and Israel. The Jews are the oldest documented inhabitants of that land, and never practiced imperialism, so they have a stronger claim the land without being asked for concessions.

Also, they haven't slaughtered 20 to 1, as I remember Jewish people were slaughtered to the tune of 6 million, and many more millions over the thousands of years before that. Thus their need for a protected homeland. Make that claim when they have slaughtered 120 million for their homeland, then it might be accurate- even then that only accounts for the Holocaust and not the long and terrible history of violence against Jews perpetrated by everyone from the Arabs to the Russians to the Europeans for thousands of years.
Yep, USA should belong to the indigenous people. You disagreeing is you agreeing with the colonizer. What right did the Arabs have to steal those homes 1300 years ago? None. It seems that the first people's in that area were the Jews, so thats who the land rightfully belongs to.

Again, not an occupation if the land never rightfully belonged to the Palestinians. The Arab forefathers of the Palestinians stole that land in the same way that Europeans stole America. Israelis taking their land back is the equivalent of the Native Americans taking theirs back. Palestinians are being kicked land their 10x-great grandfathers STOLE through terrible violence, natives (in this case thats the Israelis) reclaiming what was brutally ripped away from them is called justice.
But isn't that what happened to the Jews in the first place?
This is nonsense. Egypt literally blockaded Israel, openly said it would destroy Israel, and massed its armies on the Israeli border.

Your conspiracy theories are wrong.
Why is any public worker in the US required to sign a loyalty pledge to a foreign nation? I wouldn’t even want to sign a loyalty pledge to the US. That’s absurd.
Companies also have to sign anti-bds pledges to Israel to do business in a lot of towns/cities. Why does bum fuck city in California give a shit about a company boycotting Israel?
Literally no reason for this to be downvoted. It’s literally true.
Holy shit I thought I was going crazy. Ive seen so many Israel pin and “how to support Israel” ads on youtube recently
WTF, how the hell is this legal??
Ah that makes so much sense after reading reddit today. I was wondering why everything is so Pro-Israel here.
There's a reason Israël gets to join EU sporting events, it's considered a European state in the middle east, western media will never not be biased in this conflict.
\[citation needed\]
Do you have proof/source? I’m in the US and have never heard one word about this.
Highly doubt that.
American teacher here: what the hell are you talking about. Please show proof. In my experience in the education profession for the last six years signing any kind of loyalty pledge has never been required or even suggested.
Can you give an example of a public worker in the US signing loyalty pledges to Israel?
Total bullshit.
Yeah I’m calling BS on that, do you have any proof?
Ngl at this point that just sounds like an anti-semetic conspiracy theory thinly veiled behind caring about Palestinians
This sounds like the kind of anti-Semitic brainrot that is perverse on Reddit nowadays. What's next, the Jews are going to turn American citizens poor by stealing their tax money and placing crushing debts on them? Going to turn America kosher and ban hamburgers?
This is bullshit. Signing an agreement not to boycott the goods of an allied country as a public worker is NOT the same as signing a “loyalty pledge”.
really ? name two
Source?
That's not even true lmfao
If only.  The syndicated networks just approach the disinformation differently, by only reporting when there are Israeli casualties.  How many settler attacks have you read about this year?  If any, how many called them terrorists?  Not substantially different than what it going on now, just the other side doing the killing.

It’s essentially propaganda by omission.
You been in twitter lately? It is happening...
did the ad run before before yesterday? Because they are getting kidnapped now and they are fighting back now.
Israel is going do more than fight back.  The Palestinians should have accepted the two state solution while they had the chance.
Well if you take 2022 as the last full year of data and compare it to pre iron dome then the figures aren't too dissimilar, though there were more pre iron dome in the year I selected to look at. 1,100 rockets in 2022 vs 1575 rockets in 2008.

 This is from data accessible from wikipedia, from multiple sources, I haven't looked deeper.
Between 2004 and 2014, the missiles killed like 22 Israeli civilians, 11 Palestinians, 5 foreign nationals and 5 IDF. They’re largely ineffective as a means of killing (probably even at injuring) but something like 50% of Israeli youth have PTSD and the miscarriage rates are higher in Israel as well. Psychologically, they’re very effective. Economically, the missiles are relatively dirt cheap compared to the iron dome counter missiles - but you have to consider that the Gaza Strip has so few resources to work with. In fact, some of the ordnance they use is recycled from duds dropped on Palestinians.
True
>.Killing and kidnapping maybe more then a hundred of civilians, annihilating families with such brutality will give you hell in return, “A child blood revenge even the devil did not think of”

Lmao I can exactly quote you on that talking about Israel, because that's exactly what Israel has been doing for 75 years. Now go back to Fox news
Israel is ranked in the top 10 militaries and it has nuclear warheads and I said that to show the power gap, and they're not actually ignoring any rockets they actually bomb them with f35 airstrikes regularly killing like idk...1000x times the amount of civilians. Moron
I thought you were saying they don't fire rockets at them because of it. I don't think you were now though, so sorry about.
But the reality is because Palestine don’t have an Iron dome, because of interference from questionable countries, they are getting disproportionately slaughtered.
Is there a legal difference between murder and attempted murder?
Real fucking Plato over here. The main distinction here is that one side has international backing, a sizeable military funded by the west, and the ability to manufacture consent in western media so whenever bathtub bombs come from a group of people whose grandparents have been brutalized by the same oppressive government they’re still fighting, they get to come in and kill civilians tenfold as punishment. These are not the same, reducing the argument to ‘attempted murder’ vs actual murder lacks nuance and any sense.
'Palestinians would destroy their oppressors if they had the means to' would be another way of putting it.

Got to give it to Israel, their propaganda has given millions of people brainworms.
Ah so the benevolent state of Israel only kills civilians when they have earned it? Interesting.
What a way to water it down. Thats not what Israeli defences are usually holding back, be for real man. It’s what being subjected to years of terror does to an oppressed group. It’s something thats been brewing for years.
Nothing is more true.
Peace and apartheid. Worked well for South Africa. You can't dominate palestine and offer peace at the same time. The control and apartheid are cruel and will always lead to resistance. 

Did Israel offer to end the apartheid or do they deny it?

Peace with apartheid for palestine is just accepting domination.
Who operates with impunity?
\> Iron Dome was declared operational and initially deployed on 27 March 2011 near Beersheba.\[13\] 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iron\_Dome
Dude, the amount of anti-Semitism is fucking wild. People are legit siding with a terrorist faction known to target civilians and whom's founding charter mentioned the destruction of Israel. They genuinely supporting a group that wants to genocide the Jewish people and unironically believe they're in the right.
They may actually be if they weren’t packing high value targets with civilians intentionally
Not what I said. Go # yourself if you're gonna be dishonest.
The IDF regularly rapes, kills, maims Palestinian civilians.
Settlers get what's coming to them, that paycheck to move in to stolen land probably doesn't seem that enticing now
Simply look at the death count. Violence from the oppressed and the oppressor can not be compared
No they don’t
https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/campaigns/2022/02/israels-system-of-apartheid/
[Not that exactly but another atrocity that occurs commonly](https://reddit.com/r/awfuleverything/s/A5PJk7k4fk)
And really, when the religious zealots lock people in the building before it is struck because their deaths will garner sympathy with these fascists and terrorists, they turn a blind eye.
wahhhh I was reminded my beautiful country of Israel killed kids and women and now I’m angy!
Hell read the comments here. The underdog narrative where Hamas good Israel bad is so strong that it doesn't matter what videos are shared.

https://www.cnn.com/2023/10/08/europe/israel-hostages-hamas-what-we-know-intl/index.html
People are openly supporting it across Reddit
I think the most shocking part is that people see the statistics like in OPs photo, then can’t seem to comprehend why Palestinians are doing war crimes. Imagine you are some group, then another group comes in, essentially colonising your land, then spends decades killing your people and tormenting you, kill even family members, and you’re supposed to not consider them the devil.

Redditors in particular make me cringe with this as well because they call Europeans white devils for less
but how many Axis vs Allied? the Russian and Polish deaths were astronomical
I would say that yes Churchill had some evilness in him, do you disagree?
A bad faith counter example doesn't help you in the least
How?
Ok, this is the only counter argument that actually has merit, that's a fair point.
Natives attempt to fight back foreign invaders, foreigners create settlements and colonize, native Americans are now given pittance of what they once had and are now 99% smaller than they were, BUT now there's peace between the two.

You're right, native Americans actually have it better than the current situation.
Are you going to source that, and are we factoring in that settlers encouraged the spread of disease?
Damn y’all go wild to defend Zionism.

Hilariously convenient to exclude the spread of disease that was done intentionally to kill off native people.
cool story, still genocide apologia
>disease

Disease could not have devastated Native communities to the extent it did without the groundwork laid by colonialism. The British-led indigenous slavery network was crucial in facilitating the spread of smallpox across the American Southeast. 

It turns out when you're facing constant warfare and loss of land, your immune system isn't quite as strong as it would be otherwise.
Lmao jeeeesus christ.
There are those who suffer and turn it into a motivation for evil, and there are those that suffer and manage to avoid doing so. There is a choice there, and I don’t need to sympathize with those that murdered entire crowds of non-combatants.
In the end, one was decimated.

should we allow one to be decimated now?
nah, I know about that shit.

I also know about the catastrophe.

I just don't care about either side.  Let them fight.

Let them both lose.
Palestine seems to have raped more people, Israel seems to have killed more kids, you know... *historically speaking*.

Like I said, I can't really support "team rape people" anymore than I can support "team kill kids".

Kinda seems like both sides deserve each other.
gaza would be safe. Israel would face what we saw yesterday. People seem to forget that Hamas is just an islamistic terroristic group.
Its because of the old and true saying "If the Arabs (or PLO) drop their weapons, tomorrow tgere will be peace. If the jews drop their weapons, there will be genocide."
Israel would be wiped off the map and their people cleansed if they stopped
I might agree with this half.

Now do the other.
"If I were to enter your home, committing a heinous act against your family and forcing you and your mother to live in a desolate backyard with no hope of prosperity, only to have your son seek vengeance. Then, I would record one perspective of the unfolding events and share it with my uncle, who happens to work at the White House, framing it as a terrorist attack. 

Of course, peace is attainable, but it requires letting go of grief,rage,fear,vigilance,pride,honor and your son who join a gang for revenge dont mess it up.. 

How would you feel in such a situation?".watching your enemy thrive while your family suffers?"

Please keep in mind that this is just an illustrative example.
What a joke,what peace are you talking about do you even know what Palestinians are living like , u think hamas or any Palestinian fighters that will ever exist will be have a heroic war , u are really deceived because they will never be strong enough to because they can't, and don't let me hear ur argument about civilians because probably u don't consider murdered Palestinians a "civilians".
Native Americans scalped women and children colonizers in the 1700s

They're still unequivocally the victims who were eradicated.

Your comment holds no merit.
What does this comment even mean? Move offshore where? They were literally exiled from their towns in pre 1948 Palestine. That’s why they’re there in Gaza. Are you stupid? Do you even know anything about Palestinian resistance in the occupied territories?
They are a resilience faction formed to fight the white European settler form stealing more Palestinian land and uprooting its people. Sit down.
Okay, I buy enough of that. Like I said, I just learnt this fact.

Why is the population skewed like that?

Also, could you link to the stuff about torture chambers, please? I'm struggling to find it amongst all this coverage.

Oh, and what did you mean by feeding off misery?

edit: [Here's Amnesty confirming torture and various other human rights abuses](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-32894633)
I was surprised that they were democratically elected at all. So, no, you completely misread what I said.
I don't know if you're trying to make the point I'm hoping you're making or the exact opposite one, ufff
Really? Well yes I suppose it does. But you can say that about any military operation. The Israelis will say they aren’t attacking Palestinians for no reason, it’s a reaction to the policies and actions of Hamas.
Or it's an attack against innocent people. 

How about not rationalizing acts of violence against non-combatants?

Nothing justifies this.
well, yeah, and e.g. by explicitly genocidal agendas such as Hamas'
The whole of the Arab world is showing enormous restraint by not rallying and wiping Israel off the map for their atrocious crimes against humanity.
Better than most civilians in majority Arabic/Islamic states.
You know absolutely nothing.
While there is racism they have the same legal rights as an Israeli Jew.



And even including the racism they have more rights and freedoms in Israel than they do on almost all Muslim countries.
Hey Alexa what happened to *every single Jew living in territory held by the Arab forces following the 1948 War?*
Yeah because y’all are missing the same goddamn points.
>if we were able to see how many casualties there would have been if the missiles weren't intercepted

I know reading comprehension is hard.

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.ndtv.com/world-news/israel-palestine-hamas-gaza-iron-dome-how-israel-defends-its-skies-from-rocket-attacks-4460636/amp/1

But according to this article 90% of the rockets that would have hit populated areas are intercepted so the potential amount of casualties is about 10 times higher than the actual amount of casualties due to rockets and artillery.
How about the simple fact that the Iron Dome saved thousands of lives when Hamas launched 5000 rockets in their opening salvo yesterday? You think the graph would still look so lopsided without the Iron Dome? Hamas is firing dumb rockets roughly aimed at civilian population centers. IDF is firing guided munitions at selected targets, while roof knocking 15 min before hand. Why do you think there are so many clear videos from multiple angles when a building comes down in Gaza? IDF literally fucking warn Palestinians to get out of the area first.
When did I say Palestine was good? I am literally saying israel is justified in their actions. Hamas are just retarded terrorists.
I’m not justifying the shit the *Israeli government* is doing. I’m demonstrating that this violence predates the occupation.
I agree with you, but let’s be real. Most of the casualties are from clashes with Gaza. Also again, while I condemn the Israeli government for this, the only reason Israel is the one forcing people out of their homes is because they won. All Jews in land held by the Arabs in the 1948 war were expelled. Not some. Not most. *All*. The Jewish quarter was razed to the ground. If the Palestinians held all the power, there would be no oppression to speak of because all of the Jews would be dead or expelled. The Palestinian side isn’t more ethical, only less powerful.
If that’s true, then the Western world is great for helping to prevent something like what happened yesterday from happening for so long.
Fooled? Are you saying all that shit was fake?
Palestinians and arabs have been slaughtering jews since the 40’s.  They can eat the bombs, and so can you.
Crazy that they were still trying to kill all the Jews before that happened.
Some of that is true. Gaza is being collectively punished because of the many terrorist acts some of its citizens have perpetrated through the years. However, Israel have given palestinians free rein over Gaza. They could have easily stopped the terrorist activities and made peace. However they have persisted with terrorism. That won't solve anything.
[deleted]
>Gaza is the biggest open air prison in the world.

id say that north korea is a tad bigger.

>If you were born there, you can't get out.

you can. you just need to find a country that would be willing to take you in. wich is extremely difficult.

> 50% of the people are unemployed,

thats israels problem, how?

>Israel controls water and electricity,

israel delivers water and electricity for humanitarian reasons, yes.

> the Israeli government did everything possible to prevent Arabs from geting vaccinated,

no they didnt

> The war is terrible for civilians of both sides, but Israel treats arabs, the ones who lived in their land not so long ago, in the worst way possible under an apherteid regime.

there are about 2 million arabs living as equal citizens in israel. they work as soldiers, generals, diplomats, judges etc. meanwhile there were a lot of jews living in the palastinian areas, but they dont anymore. being driven from thier land.

> Israel has no interest in doing peace,

they offered peace again and again, but the rulers of palestine refused.

> they are comiting a genocide in the 21st century right in the open for everyone to see.

a genocide? where the population of the people suffering from said genocide quadrupled thier population during the genocide?

where a significant portion of the supposed perpetrators ARE of the ethnicity that is supposedly genocided?

seriously dude. what ever you take. take less... or take more. but the current amount leads only to nonesense
Amnesty and HRW also blamed Ukraine for the number of civilians Russia killed, and they told Ukraine to deploy its military and its air defense systems out in the open away from any civilians buildings.



In short they are idiots.
sure. because people generally ignore the warcrimes done by hamas. doubt that the un will condemn these actions today by hamas, just like they never cared about the thousands of missiles send at israeli citizens each year.

just like you do ignore those. i bet you are even unaware of the fact that thsoe ARE warcrimes in the first place.
Literally those resolutions are always brought about by countries who want to exterminate the Jews.
what invasion?
Yes that is true. I imagine what Hamas would do to Israel would be much worse given that their charter is explicitly genocidal towards Jews
Palestinians support gennocide of Israelis since I don't see them turning in Hamas fucks.

Should I also mention Palestinians celebrating in different countries in Europe?
Hamas uses Palestinian citizens as human meat shield against Israeli attacks. They dont give af about their people, they only care about their charter which is Jewish genocide
So .. while not on the chart.. those party goers killed yesterday are the same as soldiers/militants?  Well, at least you’re not biased and can be trusted to give an honest assessment of things.
You’re a fucking moron
My point wasn't rights/wrongs.  My point is we're just being shown a relatively contextless graph.  Just the numbers of 12 years as they stood as of 3 years ago.
Israelis aren’t terrorists.
Interesting, so you're suggesting that it's not Israel that is killing Palestinians, but rather that Palestine is killing their own citizens "for clout?"
To be fair they didn't say against Palestine or Islam. It's true that the Israelites were waging religious wars against people in the bible (assuming for the sake of the argument that the bible is accurate).
The problem is imperialism and the usage of grievances to play people against each other.
Higher initial fatality rate...

That's just another way of saying its fatality rate was overestimated at first. This also happened with COVID, but it was not preventative measures that lowered the fatality rate early on, it was improved data collection (mostly)
Hello. In order to promote inclusivity and reduce gender bias, please consider using gender-neutral language in the future.

Instead of **mankind**, use **humanity**, **humankind** or **peoplekind**.

Thank you very much.

^(I am a bot. Downvote to remove this comment. For more information on gender-neutral language, please do a web search for *"Nonsexist Writing."*)
I think you're confusing anti-semitism with anti-zionism. I don't hate Jews, I hate Israel. The problem is Israel is a religious ethnostate, so it's hard to separate the Jewish racial/cultural/religious factor from the state without throwing caveats on everything you say.

That being said, actual anti-semites will use this as an excuse to voice their veiled generalist nonsense so you aren't totally wrong.
didn't have to dig through shit idiot. When you tag someone the comment you tagged them for shows up when you click the tag itself. Also funny when a person from /r/conspiracy comes to defend their fellow nazi. Your account is old enough that you probably was active on /r/conspiracy when they had a pro hitler banner in their sidebar advertising the documentary "adolf hitler: the greatest story never told"
i have him tagged as "nazi" and if you click the tag you see the post it was from. didnt have to dig up shit. Installing RES and using the tagging feature for tankies, nazis and islamist terrorist supporters is the best thing to do so you know who the scum on this site is.
mohammed was a pedophile rapist warlord and your whole religion is barbaric.
Well, usually, there is a very vocal group of Israelis who condemn said actions, call for the perpetrators to be brought to justice, and protest their government for its behavior. There is a difference between just going along with what your government does and speaking out against it
Not exactly doing a whole lot to oppose it though. That's also more support than the Nazis got, and we don't exactly spend a lot of time splitting hairs on who was and wasn't a good German based on their party membership.
too rational for reddit
>is about as morally reprehensible as it get

Oh no, that is relatively low level stuff. Raping and murdering women and children and then the desecration of their dead bodies is a bit closer.
https://www.yahoo.com/news/mother-tattoo-artist-shani-louk-112050126.html

You can find the video. I've seen it and the article describes it quite accurately. I'm not posting a link to it as I just personally find it horrific.
Yes because the Middle East was peaceful and it was running perfectly before any other country in the world was involved…yep you nailed it.
No, it doesn't.




Read the key.
Reading isn't your strong suit, is it?
Those are injuries
I’m reposting the same comment because y’all keep making the same incorrect points.
Did you even look at his profile, go look at their posts on rconspiracy.
Making excuses for the guy posting about the Rothschilds? Does bootlicking taste better when you feel like a contrarian?
Maybe you should take a peak at their profile before you come so valiantly to their defense ROFL
Go read the Hamas decrees before calling anyone else ignorant. 

The fact that you believe shallow numbers can actually tell a story that’s thousands of years old is wild
Its sad they wont ever realize how stupid their comment is.
No, the numbers speak to Hamas et al literally operating out of crowded neighborhoods, apartment buildings, hospitals, and schools in order to use Palestinians as human shields. Israel literally uses "knock bombs" to warn Palestinians before a target is bombed with a real bomb. Not exactly the act of a country trying to exterminate the other side. Ridiculous extreme bullshit like what you espouse is exactly the propaganda Hamas and the like use.
Who doesn’t?? It’s crazy people actually support a group like Hamas when they’re kidnapping women and children. I bet people are naive to think Hamas is just holding them and not hurting them.

Every damn country and group commits atrocities, but we hold ours responsible and a group like Hamas is not one of those.
How often do Israelis protest against the IDF and the Israeli state en masse? Or do they support their government?
They don’t have an army, who else is defending them? Certainly not the US or any Muslim countries
Most ignorant statement I've ever heard
As a guide I think it is cool in the sense that is very visually telling and strongly questions   the current narrative
I know right? Why don't they accept being exterminated so there's some peace?
What the fuck are they supposed to do? Their land was literally stolen from them and now people in Gaza live in an open air prison under a government that is trying to genocide them.
And murdered atleast 260 innocent civilians and a music festival dedicated to peace.
> Sabra and Shatilla was perpetuated by christian Lebanese.

As part of a plan organized by future Israel PM  Ariel Sharon. A plan in which Israel provided the Phalangists organiazaitonal support, transportation, and even access to the camp(which the IDF had surrounded and controlled via check points). To try to claim that Israel wasnt involved in those massacres is remarkably dishonest. The reality is that Israel did everything short of pulling the trigger.

For anyone unfamiliar with the event here is a well sourced Wikiepdia entry on the topic: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sabra_and_Shatila_massacre#Attack
Resulting from the government organised colonisation by Israeli settlers and carried out by the military, so… yeah?
Use a dictionary if he used too big of a word for you.
Sorry, I forgot debating wasn’t allowed on reddit
Bro ur the least obvious fed 💀💀💀
Oh cool, so there's no opponents Killing ?

You can run an assembly and pretend you're a democrat easely when your opponents are dead or too scared...

https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2015/05/gaza-palestinians-tortured-summarily-killed-by-hamas-forces-during-2014-conflict/
If Israel wanted to commit genocide they could have at any point. They haven't. The situation today results from many events that led to Israel having to make hard decisions for the security of its citizens. It is still not fair for non-terrorists living in Gaza, but it is not clear what the alternative was; you can't negotiate a settlement with people who don't want to negotiate.
"It's not genocide because they're breeding faster than we can kill them".
If it’s a genocide then why was there a massive effort to get Covid vaccines into Gaza dumbass. 

You can call it a lot of different words, but it’s obv not a genocide to anyone with eyes.
So would you call yesterday's events genocide? Hamas killed nearly a thousand people in a day.
I’m not laughing at the current situation. I’m laughing at your intentional usage of wording that diminishes the ongoing suffering of Palestinian people at the hands of the Israeli state.
I'll gladly give a few dollars a year to Israel. I'd gladly give even more.
I am free to disagree with Palestine on issues like the LGBTQ+ without accepting that their murder by the Israeli terrorist state is alright.

Rational people don't want to see civilians murdered.
And here you are, cheering for the people launching those missiles.
> For decades Israel would tell Palestinians what homes they would attack

How can you say this unironically and think it's okay
I dunno, but somehow the IRA managed to not invade the UK and execute civilians.  It’s absolutely amazing how they could restrain themselves from publicly executing civilians hiding from them; but my god they somehow managed.
the misunderstanding that most people have is that, this is not the people fighting back, its a radicalized terrorist group murdering people in the streets. this attack will have no benefits for actual palestinian people, they are just going to get glassed in retaliation. no civilian or normal person on either side benefits from this
the arabs should stop throwing rocks then. they were the first to declare war in the historical context a day after the founding of israel. and ever since they are the first to attack and initiate a war. AND EVERY TIME THEY GET HURT. but they won't learn.  
  
the only way this can end is like in ww2. complete destruction and occupation.
History basically. Israel is the Jewish people's home and they've been ousted from it and everywhere else over human history before reestablishing isreal.
The graph that shows Israel successfully fights terrorists?
The graph doesnt tell anything about who is a terrorist, it doesnt even show the % of civilian victims. It just shows that one side is good at protecting their population, while the other use it as meat shield for military equipment.
Fair enough.  Your source provides definitions and data sources.
Also because they are actively choosing to have bases in hospitals and schools.
Collateral damage is much different than raping and kidnappings. Can you not tell the difference when Hamas leaders hide behind women and children meat shields and when a bomb goes off and has a big kill zone?
hamas goes after civilians with their shitty rockets. it's just that israel can defend itself. also hamas is willingly using civilians as meat shield.
Israel has even refused to cooperate on investigation regarding the war crimes they've done to the palestianans.

https://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-56687437
“You believe you should retaliate when your children get raped, tortured, and killed in camera? You’re a fascist”

Bro...
What country wouldn’t retaliate lol? Let me know when you stop living in rainbow land and realize that most of those injured, killed, and raped were women, children, elderly and even foreigners with nothing to do with the conflict. Forgive me for not caring about exterminating terrorists. Who knew you could have so much white guilt that you actually support terrorism or are you just another antisemite?
Is that a serious question? Who wouldn’t retaliate after they get attacked and have their citizens (including kids) raped and executed?
Ok, let someone come rape and machine gun your family then if you're such a golden pacifist.
It's bad logic to look just at # of deaths and assume the side with more is the victim. Example: Hamas terrorist kills one IDF soldier. Retreats to Ghaza strip. IDF bombs his home. 10 people including terrorist are killed. Does that make the Hamas terrorist the victim? Ghaza is a dense urban environment. It's impossible to expect IDF not to inflict civilian casualties when responding to Hamas actions.
[deleted]
if you can’t sense the contradiction in your statement then you’re either a fool or trying to make me into one. 

Conflict in this region goes well beyond the modern era! Good grief didn’t you study history in school. There will never be peace here.
You were right.
I was confusing two different things that impacted my judgement.
I apologize.
I am fascinated by how you can act like you are somehow learned in history while also denying a historic fact about Hamas and it's allies calls to drive the jews into the sea. Truly fascinating how you can act like you know anything about this conflict while also not know such a basic and key fact.
Terrorist simp, one state solution time
I’m Irish and the IRA was engaging in terrorism. It also didn’t solve their issue. Describing slaughtering civilians as “resist enough” is gross, and also stupid because it doesn’t reach the conclusion they’d “free themselves” because I fail to see how that will be achieved from that
Your false binary argument was “people who have been oppressed have the right to fight back” and the disagreement is that doesn’t include slaughtering civilian targets and kidnapping them. It doesn’t have to do with the causes. So either condone the actions and justify it or don’t, it’s that simple. Citing the causes is your cop out for doing so in a thinly veiled way. Just admit you support terrorism
One they they definitely shouldn’t do is target civilians. Apart from that you can debate tactics.
Yeah everyone should be as smart as you. Except, idk, guerila warfare against Israel like countless revolutions have, and not killing civilians in a terrorist attack that doesn’t advance defeating Israel? Or decide on a political strategy for negotiation that isn’t the unrealistic “extermination of Jews”? Idk I’m not as smart as you clearly, who I’m assuming went to West Point, since clearly you’ve concluded there was no other option but to kill civilians based on your reasoning
You have no idea what you’re talking about. No idea about any of the facts on the ground.
Yeah if you just ignore that their life expectantly has actually been increasing over time, and their population has also increased.
You’re like the 50th person today who failed to understand the point I was making. Reread the comment again and tell me what point I was making with it. I’m not going to indulge this response further.
It would be cherrypicking if I was using these events to suggest Israel is blameless. I am not. I’m using these events to prove that the desire to kill Jews predates the occupation. Therefore, it is an accurate representation of the relevant facts.
Seems like you lack basic reading comprehension.
Lmao gaza is the most crowded place on earth.
Terrorism nonetheless.
Maybe if Israel wasn’t forcing the Palestinians into the outskirts? This is a completely normal reaction from the oppressed that we have seen again and again. 

There are no shortages of historical records of Native Americans fighting back against the American colonizers who kicked them out of their homes. Totally normal and justified response.
And you are as well

As is anyone who ignores decades of ongoing Israeli terror and slaughter of Palestinians
um what? when did i ever state my position and say it was right? the only opinion I gave was to read up more...

and many people supporting palestine was a FACT, not a justification for anything.
Between 2015 and 2022, the UN attributed over 8,700 child casualties to Israeli forces.

What is that if not cruelty?
Just like you right now, you cuck.

Can’t criticize people for hypocrisy while actively participating in said hypocrisy
LOLshut up Muslim scum
So this should still be condemnable all around.

I see plenty of pro-Palestinians jumping to point at whataboutisms, rather than just condemning this. 

Palestinians going through the same thing doesn’t mean it’s ok to ignore it when it happens to Israelis. 

Especially by supposedly pro-peace people
“Yeah, well, you know, that's  just like, your opinion, man.”

But seriously, I disagree that it’s clearly Israel being the more evil one. I’d link all the anti-Jewish attacks over the last decades from Palestine because other Redditors in this thread have already done that.
[deleted]
Damn if only Israel would offer them everything they claim to want multiple times making concessions every time
You and thousands of others are in here incorrectly portraying Palestinians as victims, tf you on about?
The setters are wrong, I agree with that. But it's still not acceptable to attack unarmed people in the streets. It's not as if people wear their political affiliation on their sleeve. As others have said Hamas attacked a transcendental music festival, I would assume most of those people were opposed to settlements.
Wow so rape is acceptable, kidnapping civilians... Geneva convention goes out the door right
You literally have -100 karma bro, you might be a troll I'm not sure 🤔
So, if I understand correctly, if a hypothetical scenario  that doesn't exist outside your head was real, reality would be entirely different.  Amazing! 

Let me tell you another hypothetical scenario. If Palestinian was not invaded and occupied, there would not be a reason to exist at all.
wooosh
This type of thing is not and you’re probably no where near the situation or a bot but let’s talk about intent. Intent is a very important piece of life. If I intend for my people to defend themselves and some innocents are lost due to this is tragic. If I intend for my people to slaughter and rape civilians to send a message it’s monstrous. Palestine is filled with pride for this. It’s the people themselves.
Show me one instance of Israelis kidnapping a civillian woman, gang raping her to death, and then parading her corpse around to a crowd of cheering people like they just won the World Cup.
... what the fuck are you talking about? No, Israel never kidnapped a tourist in Palestine naked, murdered her and broke all her limbs, then tied her to the front of a fucking car and drove it through the streets as the population cheered and spit on the corpse.  
  
Are you fucking reading what you type?
>But this type of thing is done to Palestinians by Israelis fairly frequently

bullshit
Edit: I'm an idiot and was confusing Hezbollah with Boko Haram.

I have changed my view on this issue.
Palestine fires thousands of missiles and mortars into Israel every year, 90%+ are intercepted by air defenses

If they weren't the numbers would likely be the same on both sides

Use logic
Hamas and the Israeli government both don't respect Palestinian lives.  I do.  That's the point.  

This Palestine versus Israel bullshit is a meme.  It's Netanyahu and a right wing government versus guerilla terrorists.  

I find it insane that the people getting downvoted in this thread are the ones advocating for killing to stop.
You're just admitting how bloodthirsty and murderous Israel actually is.

Like one incursion after the decades of feeble attacks and blocked rockets via the Iron Dome and decades of brutal Israeli occupation and abuse, violent settlers stealing more land... and proIsrsel ppl have gone full mask off and talked abt how Palestine will be wiped out.
Like Christians haven't been horrible 🤷‍♂️
Stay dying in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Ubezikstan, Palestan, Yemenistan YoMommaStan, Muzzie
Ok genocide apologist
Ok, fair.
Let me ask this then, whatever fucked up thing Palestinians did in any of those years, does it justify Israel in killing 10x more of the opposition?
the people of gaza are captives of the Iranian regiment
that you dont get is that they are used and abused
By uniting together instead of being divided on whether or not they want to continue the violence.
If you unwilling to learn anything useful or say anything useful, why say anything at all
Wow, it's not often you hear direct advocacy for, ostensibly, genocide/forced expulsion from a land. The same can be said for basically every country in the world of you're willing to accept a couple of thousand of years of history, so by that rationale should every country function by the same rule? Last one standing has it?
I mean when you see the big picture you kinda realize what's happening
Is it more.than the US sends Israel?
From 27 Sep 2023: [Settlement Expansion in Occupied Palestinian Territory Violates International Law, Must Cease, Many Delegates Tell Security Council.](https://press.un.org/en/2023/sc15424.doc.htm)

[Tor Wennesland, United Nations Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process, speaking via videoconference, reported ongoing settlement activity by Israeli authorities who advanced plans for 6,300 housing units in Area C, and approximately 3,580 housing units in East Jerusalem, pointing to the Israeli Government’s administrative actions that likely expedited settlement expansion.  “In a continuing trend, many Palestinians, including children, left from their communities citing violence by settlers and shrinking grazing land,” he said.](https://press.un.org/en/2023/sc15424.doc.htm)

[He noted that 68 Palestinians were killed by Israeli security forces and 10 Israelis by Palestinians in attacks and other incidents.  Detailing the urgent funding needs of United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) and the World Food Programme (WFP), he highlighted Secretary-General Antonio Guterres’ call on the Government of Israel to cease all settlement activity and the demolitions and seizures of Palestinian structures, as well as the UN chief’s support to Palestinians and Israelis in pursuit of the two-State solution.](https://press.un.org/en/2023/sc15424.doc.htm)

Israel's doing far worse to them than the converse in the West Bank.
So you think using human shields is evil but disregarding human shields and shooting through them is not?

And please, stfu abt Israel giving out warnings before they bomb residential neighborhoods, hospitals, and schools. Give Palestine an Iron Dome too then. Palestinians have the right to resist their oppressors
[deleted]
…likely? It has happened in a small number of instances and in many of those it would not have resulted in deaths. If it is “the cause” it would have happened literally hundreds of thousands of times.
Well done. You understand how stupid my comment sounded. Now read your own.
I agree we should start with the muzzies though. Then redditors.
Yeah.. your family lives on what side? Please don't pretend you have any special information. You are as biased as I, probably more so, because I am prepared to admit that the powerful on both sides are/have/will be committing atrocities. Yes this week Hamas is the worse (but the week isn't over yet), but the Israeli military/government also just bombed a hospital and shut of water (and other essentials) to 2.048 million people, including nearly a million children. 

&#x200B;

So in summary, Hamas/associated paramilitary groups are monsters, Israeli Government/military are monsters, innocent Israeli and Palestinian civilians are caught in the cross fire.
I don't support Israel.
It ends at 2020 because the statistics from the last 3 years are still not verified. You would know that if you just read the united nations source that I've posted above, my dude.
And how much does the US send Israel and arm them?
its 2023, how the fffkk can people still have this frame of thought -- "non human"?!
I'm reading online discussion of the odds of Israel nuking Iran.  Yeah, I hate their government, but so many of us were cheering the young (and not-so-young) Iranians who were marching for women's rights that I really don't want them all indiscriminately nuked.  

Those in the US celebrating this attack seem to have forgotten all the Americans who fought for the rights of Moslems having problems at airports, just a few years ago--and many helping them, including attorneys--were Jewish.  There's not always a demarcation between a government's actions, the people, and *other* people.  

It's just a mess and likely has no solution at all anymore.
Maybe
bahahaha. awk wee love. 😘😘😘😘
Yeah, you'd think we'd have gotten past that around the stone age but I guess the majority of people just haven't evolved yet. And I say that with sincerity although it sounds like a pun. I haven't understood people since I was ten. Very lonely and disappointed since.
guess what
Calm down, Hitler.
If you were able to think a little out of the box, you would know that there also exist [refreshable braille displays](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Refreshable_braille_display) 😉
I'm just joking around, I didn't really need a novel giving me a pee pee smacking over nothing. pointing out your comparison was stupid.
Haha I don't know why everyone thinks I'm whining. Obviously most people think it's an interesting fact.
Yeah, or it could be that human rights orgs are critical of America and Israel because of their histories of human rights violations.
I think you can understand the situation but also still appreciate an interesting comment. It looks like a number of people agree with that line of thinking.
r/11thTrimesterSub
Oops. My bad
If we were in 2022?
Ohhh. OH!
you can write that off. 240 were found dead just from the music festival today.... 

death count is 600 plus and mostly civilians.
Ehhhhh... idk about that.  

Hamas fires thousands (many, many thousands) of rockets and mortars into Israeli cities.  They have bombed hotels, famously the Netanya Hotel.  They target civilians almost exclusively.  They want to terrorize the Israeli people.

They also terrorize and murder Palestinians that don't toe the line.  From extrajudicial killings to maiming.  They broke the arms and legs of 78 Gazans thought to have collaborated with Israel.  They kidnapped a man in his own home and fired three rounds into his legs because he was suspected of being politically active.

Palestinian president Abbas said Hamas murdered 120 Palestinian youth for *defying house arrest.* 

Let's not pretend 'Palestinians' only target military targets.  It would be more accurate to say they **rarely** target the military.
well if Palestine wouldn’t hide military targets in civilian centers and launch rockets from them that wouldn’t be the case
well if Palestine wouldn’t hide military targets in civilian centers and launch rockets from them that wouldn’t be the case
Just watched hit teams execute civilians in Israel. The civilians that died in Palestine were collateral. It’s not the same thing.
Citation needed
"civilians"
There would be many less if they didn't launch rockets from near schools and other civilian sites.  They're literally using their own people as human shields.
Least accurate comment of the year here folks
Every Palestinian death is counted as a civilian since they don’t have a proper army. There is no way to know if they are fighters or truly innocent bystanders in these numbers.
Well that's just a complete lie. Vast majority have been civilians.
Only because Israel closed the border. Do you remember the second intifada? Years of near daily terrorist attacks on Israeli civilians, mostly the elderly, women and children.
Pretty much all of Israel is military. All you’re doing is showing your complete ignorance
This is bullshit
Genuine question: what’s the identifiable difference between a young male Palestinian civilian and a ‘Hamas militant’?
Untrue fake news. They massacred a music festival. Civilian residences, tourists, random drivers. Good try though.
Yes, and even Palestinians who have military goals in mind and carry out terrorist attacks are not military and may be classified as civilians. So while this is correct, it might not paint an accurate picture in regard to the idea of civilians being innocent casualties.
[Music festival goers heard rockets, then Gaza militants fired on them and took hostages](https://www.cnn.com/2023/10/07/middleeast/israel-gaza-fighting-hamas-attack-music-festival-intl-hnk/index.html)

&#x200B;

>At least 260 bodies would later be found at the festival site, according to Israeli rescue service Zaka. Some attendees were taken hostage, seen in social media videos being seized by their armed captors.
Lot of suspicious first posts here.
The Israeli military is just conscripted kids doing a mandatory service.  It doesn’t make it really less tragic
This isn’t about hate as the “hate” in this case is the product of grotesque and ongoing injustice. You actually have to either address the injustice or go ahead and fire up the gas chambers.

In the US we’ve had two of these: native Americans and African slaves. We removed the slavery injustice with a proper civil war and constitutional amendments. We removed the native Americans problem through forced relocation and small pox blankets.
It takes a generation or two after the violence mostly stops. At that point, education.
I'd say by starting to acknowledge that the just and humane thing would be to aim for bringing the numbers on the left closer to those on the right in the future, *not the other way around*, but one doesn't have to look far ITT even to know that we're still far away from that apparently.
You do realize if Palestine were able to, they would murder every single Israeli right now? Their stance on Jews is identical to Hitler's. It's insane to watch people defend them.
Your stupidity checked out. When you don't have a valid argument, you think it is intelligent to attack the username. I triple dare you to make a valid and sane argument and augment it with facts. You can't.

My username definitely checked out because it lured in a confused frustrated individual without any facts and arguments to discuss the topic.
One is also being slowly uprooted from there homes block by block under an apartheid regime and the other has music festivals
> Perhaps we can dispute it, but on the surface, indeed it does look like a smaller, less sophisticated (militarily) people being harmed by a modern military/country.

This is the narrative they are trying to set. Kids who do not have an understanding of history will believe this is true. 

But the fact as we all know is the Palestinian terrorists attack and hide amongst the civilians.  Israel retaliates and weeds them out. In the process any (not all) civilian trying to protect the terrorist gets eliminated. 

**If we believe** in this "modern military/country" narrative, you think Israel cannot end this war? If Israeli leadership decides they can take out all these terrorists in one swoop. **(Repeat- If we believe the narrative).**

We both know that is not the case, right?
Data is only useful insofar as it tells an accurate story. Spurious correlations are just that. This doesn't explain who is at fault so even if you believe "Palestinians" are the victims, fact is they are victims of their leaderahip (who they elected) and of their muslim/Arab brothers in neighboring countries who have used them as political footballs.
> Hamas took control of the elected government in 2007.

Hamas actually won the 2006 Palestinian legislative election in both Gaza and the West Bank, winning 56% of the seats in total.

You may be confused because Fatah and Abbas refused to cede control of the government to the election winners, which led to civil war and Hamas seizing control of Gaza in 2007.

>Wiki is a starting point.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_Palestinian_legislative_election

>but they were not elected by the people despite having an election previously.

Not having an election, winning the election.

Hamas was democratically elected and Hamas attacks are celebrated in both Gaza and West Bank.

Nice play with words to avoid saying what actually happened.
Hamas took control of Gaza in 2007, not all of Palestine.  The West Bank does not support them like thr Gaza population causing them to be targets of Hamas themselves.
do not use wikipedia for reliability. It's used by the CIA to rewrite history to support their agenda.
Wiki is the starting point?  Not putting my opinion on who’s right or wrong on here but wiki?  Seriously?  Stop, boner.
And there hasn't been an election since they took power, right?
Even then, the Hamas that is in government and the Hamas that is militant are not the same. The Hamas that orchestrated this most recent attacks is the militant wing. It’s more comparable to if Trump succeeded in his insurrection, and then the Proud Boys carried out an attack on a neighboring country.
[Its either that, or they can read.](https://www.google.com/search?q=popular+support+of+hamas+in+palestine&client=ms-android-bell-ca&sca_esv=571768827&ei=9hsjZY7WEOPk0PEPmfuFwAs&oq=popular+support+of+hamas+in+palestine&gs_lp=EhNtb2JpbGUtZ3dzLXdpei1zZXJwIiVwb3B1bGFyIHN1cHBvcnQgb2YgaGFtYXMgaW4gcGFsZXN0aW5lSKEkUOoQWJYTcAB4ApABAJgB_gGgAfMCqgEFMC4xLjG4AQPIAQD4AQHCAgQQABhHwgIEECEYCuIDBBgAIEHiAwUSATEgQOIDBRIBMSBAiAYBkAYI&sclient=mobile-gws-wiz-serp)
Don't forget about the [Megaphone desktop tool](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Megaphone_desktop_tool) - that was 12 years ago...
>even if such a terrorist org rising to power is the logical conclusion

Its wild how everyone seems to agree on this...and yet it continues with support from most of the world...
Done *some* shitty shit? What you just described was what Israel has been doing to the Palestinians for decades at this point. Those stats on the chart there? The vast majority of Palestinian casualties have been civilians. Israel regularly kicks Palestinians out of their homes to set up what are internationally recognized as illegal settlements. They control their borders and their economy. They control their electricity. They even have attacked their religious sites during the month of Ramadan, more than once!

At some point, all that hatred developed over decades of oppression is going to hit a boiling point. What Hamas did was wrong, but it's nothing Israel hasn't done themselves in some shape or form. 

Anyone who thinks that this is just some notion of Palestinians hating Israel for existing in the first place is just ill-informed of what has actually been happening on the ground for decades.
The "They" is Hamas. Hamas is not Palestinian; it's a ME terrorist organization. 

They're being used by Israel to overshadow Israel's illegal settlements and other lawlessness.
So again I'd like to clarify 2 things and I want you to think on for a bit. Do you know, statistically, how many rockets evade the iron dome? This excerpt both explains and highlights my next point. "*According to Israeli officials, of the approximately 1,000 missiles and rockets fired into Israel by Hamas from the beginning of Operation Pillar of Defense up to 17 November 2012, Iron Dome identified two-thirds as not posing a threat and intercepted 90 percent of the remaining 300*" this is from Wikipedia, under iron dome listed in its effectiveness section.

90% according Isreal itself. And then the next point that is crucial, especially today as it's the first time the iron dome has been cracked. 2/3rds of all *homemade* rockets are judged to not be a threat at all. That's to say nothing of how many could even hit the intended targets were they to get through. These aren't rockets you see in military propo pieces, they're cobbled together. Even if we assume 5000 were launched, 2/3rds, statistically, not a threat already. So 2000. That's a lot, right? Iron dome was cracked, overwhelmed yes, but id bet money it stopped most before that happened. And of the ones felt, most likely never made it to those centers because they're not high tech, they dont have guidance, or even equal amounts of propellant in them. Furthermore, if thousands of rockets hit centers, the death tolls would look drastically different. Just statistically it already isn't really adding up.

It's interesting how time and time again the news takes these raw numbers, with no nuance, and plasters them up as "the horrors of hamas". I would be critical of the outlets lauding Isreal as a tragic victim of this vicious attack. Of all sources really.. there's a reason it's an ocean of hatred towards Palestine and nearly no nuanced takes to be found. 

To you, what happened today is a tragedy for Isreal, but for the people of Palestine... it's the most hope they've had in decades. Just as there are many who view all of Palestine as Hamas, the Palestinian people look to Isreal and see only oppressors and evil. To those wrongfully imprisoned, all Isreal appears as their captors. And it's really not our place to decide one way or the other. Imagine being so desperate, so alone, that you have to side with another evil to survive.. Imagine having to make that choice. I can't, I've never been made to feel so alone and so hopeless.

There are hamas committing horrific war crimes, but Isreal has committed far more upon these people, violated their human rights over and over. We can't only call out one side, especially when that's the side who has no voice to speak in defense of themselves.

You don't get mad when Ukraine kills Russian soldiers, who are often conscripts forced to fight or be killed, defending themselves from occupation, but you're quick to place all Palestine under 1 monolith when they are doing the same. I've seen people cheer the deaths of russian soldiers because they see same kind of evil people as hamas commiting war crimes and they condemn all russians for it. Hamas doing evil does not invalidate what's happening to these people. Isreal just hopes you'll focus on acts they can easily point to and justify the violence they respond with.

Palestinian people don't want to wipe Isreal off the face of the earth, they want basic human rights, they want freedom the same as you or I to live happy, safe, fulfilling lives. 

When one force controls your literal electricity, you are not equal forces, you are at their mercy. Imagine if Ukraine fought back and Russia went "oop, bad Ukraine, no power for you anymore". That isnt 2 countries at war.. That's total control. Palestine's EVERYTHING is at the mercy of Isreal at all times. Even Hamas only thrives because Isreal allows it to. It's so much easier to justify imprisoning an entire group of people when you have a big bad to point to and yell "they'll kill us all if we give them an inch".

They could wipe hamas out with ease.. they don't want to, hamas justifies their apthartid of Palestine. As long as they bomb a school claiming "hamas!" Or cement over a well.. they know they will drive people to radicalization and desperation and then they can do it again.. and again.

If you hold Hamas to account(which to be very clear, they should absolutely be, not a single sane person would say otherwise), hold them both to the same standards. Hold Isreal to account too, they have a lot to answer for.
The data of this post is literally showing what I'm attempting to say with that example.
If I kick you out of your house and force you to live in the garage are you going to accept that?
Most of you have heard about the case only this year 
For decades, Israel has been killing and bombing homes, carrying out several genocides, gradually seizing land, exterminating several towns and villages, and thousands of Palestinian families who have literally been wiped out of the civil registry. 
All this is under a media blackout supported by America, why didn't anyone talk about this? 
Every year we see several children or what remains of them buried every year at least hundreds of funerals, and most of the time there is no funeral, but a mass burial because the graves are full and mortuary refrigerators
Where is the peace that Israel calls for when it secretly exterminates the inhabitants, towns and villages in order to settle its citizens?
You’re spewing nothing but Israeli propaganda
Most of you have heard about the case only this year 
For decades, Israel has been killing and bombing homes, carrying out several genocides, gradually seizing land, exterminating several towns and villages, and thousands of Palestinian families who have literally been wiped out of the civil registry. 
All this is under a media blackout supported by America, why didn't anyone talk about this? 
Every year we see several children or what remains of them buried every year at least hundreds of funerals, and most of the time there is no funeral, but a mass burial because the graves are full and mortuary refrigerators
Israel has options. The settlers have options. They choose the settlements, evictions, destruction, brutality, murder and humiliation.
Yep. Stop attacking the people who have been committing genocide against you for the last 50+ years. Don't fight back against the people who have forced you out of your homes and took all your land. What an amazing solution you thought of.

The reality is there are no options. Neither side can afford to back down without the other side doing it first. And Israel can't back down at all since the entire region want them gone.
Stop keeping them in a can? Stop evicting?
Yeah just shut up and die lol
Hypocrite 
Israel asked several residents to evacuate the areas and head south, then what did they do? 
They bombed those displaced families who asked them to go south and turned most of them into pieces 
Most of you have heard about 
the case only this year 
For decades, Israel has been killing and bombing homes, carrying out several genocides, gradually seizing land, exterminating several towns and villages, and thousands of Palestinian families who have literally been wiped out of the civil registry. 
All this is under a media blackout supported by America, why didn't anyone talk about this? 
Every year we see several children or what remains of them buried every year at least hundreds of funerals, and most of the time there is no funeral, but a mass burial because the graves are full and mortuary refrigerators
Media hypocrisy and fake news
[deleted]
Yeah, those aren’t their homes. I have news for you, not all Muslims are the same.
Most of you have heard about the case only this year 
For decades, Israel has been killing and bombing homes, carrying out several genocides, gradually seizing land, exterminating several towns and villages, and thousands of Palestinian families who have literally been wiped out of the civil registry. 
All this is under a media blackout supported by America, why didn't anyone talk about this? 
Every year we see several children or what remains of them buried every year at least hundreds of funerals, and most of the time there is no funeral, but a mass burial because the graves are full and mortuary refrigerators
It’s purposeful, cowardly, and inexcusable
We literally have had countless children and women sniped in the head by IDF soldiers, for walking too close to the walls that imprison them to the small Gaza city they were born in.

That is what happens when Palestinians peacefully protest. It is just that when this happens, it never makes international headlines.

  


Western media only ever pretends to care about Palestinian civilian suffering, when it is in any way possible to blame it on Hamas. When it is clearly only the result of zionist brutality, without any kind of provocation, then the western media is 100% silent.
Convenient for the IDF soldiers shooting kids in the head and the settlers demolishing Palestinian houses.
Israel has been bombing civilians before Hamas existed and long before that side of the fence had missiles.
LOL Did you not see the graphic?
Members of Israel’s right wing government want to eliminate Palestinians.
I'm not sure what your comment is responding to. It's like you read me stating Hamas is a direct result of Israeli apartheid creating an unstable and unlivable situation for Palestinians and somehow interpreted that as me saying "Hamas is a lovely, peace loving organization".
I wouldn't really call it unprovoked if a foreign power just decides to divide up your land and create a new state out of it. All of the resulting conflict stems from the British and the UN dividing up the land so they could create Israel.
This, but 56% * :)
When there were elections, the majority of Gazans voted for Hamas.
Didnt the "teacher" have a plan to split Israel but it was denied by the Arabs? Just looking to be informed
You do realize that Palestine would completely “bully” (as you put it) Israel if given the power to do so. Neither country is innocent in their shared history.
Then the poor classmate decides to beat up the innocent younger brother of the bully

You intellectuals cheer it on, and then the bully goes back to beating up the poor classmate, feeling vindicated in their decision to fuck with the guy.

You’re terrible with analogies. Congrats guys, you’re helping!
Nerd wants to rape rich persons family to death, rich person stays in shape so nerd can’t rape their family, he keeps them at distance unless he’s attacked himself. Other nerds scream victimhood on identity based reasoning.
You're a Refugee Harry!
Perfect analogy
It's bad for sure. 

But that wasn't what he said. 

He said most people would act like the Hama's if they where in a similar situation.
Remind me how israel was founded?

Of course...  israels founders had...  ideals... they talked a big "clean hands" game...  but remind me about how all the big "clean hands" talk ended?

Was israel founded with clean hands?

Because...  well...  don't throw stones in a glass house on that hard R...  Your glass windows might not be as thick as you thought.
there is nothing that can make israel a sympathetic victim in this. 

let's not pretend there isnt rape and torture occurring at the hands of israeli soldiers for decades as well. 

the ASYMMETRY of power guarantees the situation is exactly what israel created and exactly what they have desired and planned. this is the mechanism of their expansionist project. oppress and dispossess, wait for retaliation, then use retaliation as cover to murder and seize more land. 

i cant believe people are trying to defend a western power committing obvious colonialism and ethnic cleansing
While parading their dead or raped bodies in the streets
Hamas definitely calls for the full eradication of all Jews.  I’m painting rape and murder of women and children as terrorism.
Thats a lie, Hamas has called for the genocide of the Israeli people since its inception.
Hamas does call for genocide.

Both Hamas and Israel are terrorist entities, one just happens to be a state, which tends to make people less likely to recognize it's terrorism as terrorism.

Attacks on civilian and neutral military targets for political purposes is what terrorism is all about, the attack on the festival was obviously a terrorist attack, while the destroyed Merkava was not a terrorist attack.
> Hamas does not call for genocide, and their charter calls for a two state solution.

Frankly, I'm all for calling put Israel's terrorist actions but you clearly haven't read hamas's charter where they directly call for genocide and reject the two state solution.....
resistance = murdering and raping? including little girls, are u braindead?
I'm not defending Israel here.

Oh, you meant the victims of an apartheid state.
Probably 

But you'd likely be a suicide bomber or gunning down the people living apathetic towards your (and your family and all you friends) suffering for your entire existence.

This is sorta just what happens to ghettoized and terrorized people.
I mean yeah.

This is why has been non stop violence.
It seems we try to justify it in modern times as to make it seem like our ancestors were less cruel and evil than they actually were.  Much is true throughout history.
The israelis have learned from history, they learned that it’s better to be the one holding the gun than the one getting killed.
Nobody is arguing that these are good things.  We are not in favor of atrocities being committed.  We just are not going to be fooled into outrage over optics and marketing.  This is a bloody and prolonged war and has exacted an incredible human toll on more than just the Israelis and Palestinians.  

I think it is simply human to understand the plight of the Palestinians.  That does not mean I or anyone else condones the actions that took place.  I refuse to label an entire populace savages and terrorists, especially when they are essentially trapped and fighting for their independence.
Did you see the illustrated guide at the top that shows Israel kills ~20 times more? Did you hear about how Israel has been oppressing them for decades?
Then Israel killed about 400 civilians in Gaza as a counterattack. What was the point in that? Both sides are in the wrong in this conflict.
And the Israelis killed a larger amount of people during the 2018 gaza wall protests. And they intentionally shot and killed clearly marked medics with sniper fire. And some of them wore shirts titled "1 shot, 2 kills" celeberating the pregnant women they killed. 

"savages and terrorists" sounds just as accurate for the Israelis.
Did you say the same thing about Israel whenever they did similar things to Palestine? Or are you just now suddenly finding your humanity?
They didn't kill 200 at the concert, and rapes haven't been proven.

Exaggerating doesn't help.
Of course not.  But when speaking to Americans more often, it is easier to make references that they may understand.  We have a pretty pathetic History curriculum for educating people about non Murica things.
So it would be fine for immigrants from anywhere to just go back to where they were if they wanted to? I'm sorry, I have a feeling that the nice people living in what is now Poland wouldn't be thrilled about me waltzing in and kicking them out and claiming it was Prussia again.
Sure, but it wasn't just Jews that occupied the area.  And even then when the Assyrians 'took over' they only deported around 1/5 of the population.  The majority were integrated.  Which has happened a lot throughout history with many religions.  Take Rome becoming Catholic for example.

I think it is easy to say that when looking back these places and people had 'one identity' but life tells us otherwise.  Populations tend to be mixes of religions and ethnicities.
I say that Israeli forces only do strike backs. UN source also has statistics of missile attacks by Palestinians. Israeli strike backs correspond to Palestinian attacks. What do that mean? If they don't shoot missiles - they are not striken
Play stupid games and win stupid prizes. If Hamas and Palestine want to keep taking pop shots at Israel, Israel is going to retaliate with even more force.
Doesn’t Palestine inflate and send injured people back in areas of attack to take on more damage?
Funny I’ve never seen that.
To release those official data, 2 other external independent parties has to check and agree. There's
no way UN can cheat this...
Funny conspiracy theory among people who are emotionally biased towards to Israel a country officially under investigation of war crime.
[deleted]
Good for you. Are you happy with their treatment of Palestinians?
But that’s only because they lost, if they won you’d likely be happy the win because that would be all you had known.
🫡

Gig em, my fellow Ag 👍
BMW and Mitsubishi beg to differ
Fair point. But the complex includes  a massive value chain.
The state of Israel is neo-fascist with significant resistance from within and abroad. It's not at all the case that Israel represents even a majority of Jews who were persecuted during the holocaust.
The Israelis have been trying to exterminate Palestine since 1947. 

The irony is only matched by the inhumanity of Israel. 

God's chosen people. Lol

Anybody that had anything to do with setting up the state of Israel should bow their heads in shame. If they were still alive. This is the shame of the world.
Yeah the only way this is stopping is if all of the arabs leave.
the Palestinians have not committed any atrocity that the Israelis have not committed against them before. that's the deal

the mainstream media treats the response of an oppressed people as an “atrocity” and not the oppression they suffered before

The Palestinians in recent days have only responded in kind, if you think they committed “atrocities” it is because you have not seen what the Israelis have been doing to them for decades

What the Palestinians have done must be celebrated, it is a small victory for a people who deal with real atrocities on a daily basis.
The problem is Gaza doesn’t have an “administration”. They are ruled by a terrorist organization that wants to kill every man, woman, and child within Israel. These people are showing you who they are by parading corpses through the streets, why do you refuse to believe them?
There is no peace when you have been ethnically cleansing the region of palestinian for the last 80 years.

Thats like some stealing all you shit from your house and then trying to make amends by giving you your tv back. That shit is still all yours.

The complete apathy people have for palestine and the support they have for israel is disgusting.
What land? The land it encourages settlers to encroach on, the land it refuses to let Palestinians leave, or the land it bulldozes Palestinian's homes & buildings off of?

[Also, what peace?](https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/08/28/west-bank-spike-israeli-killings-palestinian-children)

Israel should unilaterally capitulate to Hamas' demands to secure the lives of their hostages: a return to the 1967 borders of the country & allowing free passage & the right of defense for Palestinians imprisoned in the region.
Israel Never wanted piece, you have missed the last few years of news
Ah yes, Israel the colonizers. I still remember how they sailed to the middle east and took over the land


/s
which side do you think is which?
No one is a colonizer there you 50 iq leftist
"Damn, we aren't free yet. I know what will get us help! Commit some war crime and upload them on YT, I bet everyone will start LOVING us".

Sorry, dug your own grave.
Neither am I, but they are both as bad as each other.

On top of that, you have US/UK both showing "Unreserved" support for Israel without understanding the context of what is this on-going issue between the two groups.

Why for the sake of everyone, can they not just sit down and agree on terms that work for everyone. So far I've seen both sides perform atrocities, from Hamas militants performing attacks on Israel. All the way to Palestine worshippers being spat at and tear gas set upon them whilst they were worshipping at their own mosque during Ramadan.

The Israel PM is 100% a dictator, the Hamas leader again just wants to see revenge. Take both out and put some peaceful/intelligent people in their places to negotiate a way forward.

Is that too much to ask for?
Neither side is innocent in this, but I am disgusted by Israel constantly playing the victim whilst also being the force that has caused a lot of this blood shed.
I wouldn't say so, not when you have Hezbollah and Iran announcing support for Palestine.

It won't end well, there will be no winners for sure.
[deleted]
What is the iron Dome? I'm imagining some sort of Mad Max style thunderdome in the middle of Israel.
The US helps Israel out but the iron dome is an Israeli invention add by Israel and funded by Israel
Amazon funds their spy ops too. Fucking gross.
The iron dome is a defensive not offense piece of military equipment
The Iron Dome is 100% defensive and doesn't injure anyone.
Iron dome is a defensive structure, not offensive!
Imagine how many Israelis you can add to that list if it wasn't there.
Yea, that's what some means.
Isreal is just great
https://youtu.be/xMYcMzV71rQ?si=adgPpGgdpJRzeibo
https://youtu.be/go1fJ1mV-n4?si=EWs-IcPQB87jAP95
https://youtu.be/clh-v_LChoA?si=PvHjOhccvN3r2CPq
https://youtube.com/shorts/cGz0TzC2zTE?si=n7znNB-WHG_4cOLu
https://youtube.com/shorts/cGz0TzC2zTE?si=78xYn6ARrPt2Y9Be
https://youtube.com/shorts/_G8mBbzKXfI?si=Pmsklh6haximZQe8
Lol this is too funny that you think it’s equal and that killing a kid should only lead to a court martial (in a court of law run by Israeli) but the other side kills an Israeli and it’s fair game to put them down without any court.

Yeah the Palestinians are fighting back Israel has them locked up in the worlds biggest open air Prision giving them inhuman conditions not providing enough water malnutrition is high and they are bombing them when they want. Yeah that tends to lead to radicalization. 

What’s happened in Israel is tragic no one supports civilians getting killed, the other side also needs to be uplifted and it’s unfair to pretend the country of Israel hasn’t been unfair to the Palestinians and especially those in Gaza
For both sides religion is at stake and a motivator for action. 


The Israelis know what’s going on with the annexation of land, creation of settlements, and fencing the Palestinians off from these old lands of theirs, but … if you keep telling people that this is your land, because it was your land 2000 years ago, and you keep hammering that home with right-wing gusto, people will hear it and listen to it, and take it in. Or at the very least be less able to contest it. Those that do will be heavily ostracised, and be called anti semitic. Yes, Jews call each other antisemitic. Everything is antisemitic if you go against the Israeli government - such is life. 


For the Palestinians it is more of a land issue - land they’ve had for thousands of years, now taken away from them. For most people they are like you and me - you get used to your new situation, as shit as it might be. But those people who are the hardest done by, who have had atrocities done to them or friends in the past, they will be the ones that put their hand up when someone says it is holy to rise up and take back your freedoms. God wants it even! Apart from that, religion just keeps peoples’ hearts with hope, even in the hardest of times.


Theres obviously a lot more info on the subject, and this is just one view. Have a look at wiki entries for the most neutral presentations.
I raise you this other POV.

Unguided attacks by a small terrorist group don't do as much damage as a targeted attack by an entire state to a civilian population.

This is what crimes against humanity negationists don't want to understand and want certain people to not understand.

Small Edit: They have used the same argument, and still do, when they aren't even a terrorist organization. They will label them as terrorist anyway when it's the same mevel of "criminality" as the french resistance against the nazis.

Another Edit: I'm aware Hamas is truly a terrorist group (that's why I called them that, and the attack was a terrorist one, targeting random civilians). What I was saying is that even when it isn't a terrorist organization and have a political objective and perpetrate political assasinations as precisely as they can, negationists, like the ones in south america, will still label them as such and start justifying state terrorism,
No. Unguided missiles and guns can do more damage when fired into civilian crowds as opposed to guided missiles that take out combatants only. You need to open you eyes and stop defending terrorists that killed nearly a thousand people in one day. Open your eyes.
that's not true literally at all



an unguided, 500lb rocket will do as much damage as a guided 500lb bomb


and based on what you call "guns," this counts artillery as well.
I guess because they use unguided rockets Israel should too.. what kind if logic is that? Israel should do eveeything in its power to prevent them from using any violence, regqrdless whether its unguided rockets or drones from Iran
Great, at what point in history did Israel go into a party where young people were having fun and just massacred hundreds of helpless kids? You REALLY should start noticing a pattern. Terrorists cannot be treated lightly.
Imagine thinking having criticisms of how Israel is handling themselves over the entirety of their existence is the same as antisemitism… I’m seeing a lot of criticism of the people’s actions, not their faith.

This isn’t taking sides either, Israel’s systematic removal of Palestinians from their homes, treatment of the locals and their neighbors, preemptive missiles, artillery and drone strikes all are abhorrent things. So is what Hamas did yesterday. This is not an either or situation, having legitimate criticisms of either side is not being antisemitic or Islamophobic
You are correct that calling criticism of Israeli state apparatuses "antisemitism" is a 20 year old talking point that no one outside of Israel actually takes seriously and that you're wasting your time if you think that people will.
Sir… you compared Palestine to throwing rocks when in reality they send unguided ROCKets into Israeli civilian centers literally as often as they can.
Hamas runs hospitals, shelters, banks, and services. They also run a military. Just like Israel. Do not mistake me for supporting hamas or saying that they are two equal governments but the differences in casualties is not driven by a difference in priorities it’s driven by a difference in firepower. Israel regularly levels whole apartment buildings in Gaza - Hamas’s rockets are lucky if they so much as hit their target (iron dome aside)
Israel: chooses to bomb the children when it knows they're being used for protection.

"Why are we being condemned for killing kids and accused of war crimes?"
[deleted]
You can go back as far as you like, no matter where you begin, Israel spills about 20 times as much blood as Hamas does.
No but the data in this post does and that is what we are commenting on.
The graph does
And every shell dropped on Gaza does the same back for Hamas, who are openly actively trying to commit a genocide if they were able to somehow beat Israel. The sad reality is that Palestinians are not safer because Hamas are fighting back, nor are Palestinians safe if peaceful, because Israel's far right government is expansionist. Without the international community taking harsh stands against both Israel and organisations like Hamas, there can be no peace in the middle east or for Palestinians
I also have heard many international citizens from Germany, America, And Canada have been taken hostage/killed. This entire situation is about to unfold very poorly for Hamas.
it’s on purpose. the qatari hamas leaders don’t give a shit about palestinians and are using the attack to incite a near-genocidal response from israel to worsen saudi/israel relationship.
As opposed to the slow motion genocide that's been playing out for decades
Seems like in a couple hundred years it will be a similar situation to Native Americans in the US. A few Palestinians will remain in Israel and will finally be equal citizens after their ancestors were almost entirely wiped out.
[deleted]
There is already a palestinian genocide in place.
Good
And yet peaceful protest also leads to dead and wounded Palestinians (see: 2018) so what exactly are they supposed to do
Super-deeply-searingly sad, seeing this from a month ago.

Speaking of Israel "would perpetuate a real genocide"

Yes, the world has been witnessing a genocide, in full view and we haven't been able to stop it. The Israeli government is so brazenly barbaric. I don't know who are the Hamas folks shooting rockets. Obviously they are barbaric as well, they are like the small ones, they commit violence, and should be restrained from doing so. But there were not 10,000 Hamas militants.
And now we've outlined their chicken-egg problem. Israel / Palestine is like one hill of ants following each other in a circle til they all fall over.

For ants, the solution is to have a benevolent third party break the circle, allowing the ants to re-engage more sustainable behavior. For the holy land, the West would probably just muck it up even worse.

We really could use creative alternatives. Would be better than this cycle. Aaaany century now.
Well considering it was made clear that they are capable of carrying out coordinated attacks. Maybe they could use that skill to coordinate attacks on military targets and infrastructure rather than going door to door killing and raping. Don't get me wrong, Israel isn't a saint by any stretch, but it's unexcusable the actions of the hamas fighters.
Hamas is notorious for stashing military targets inside of civilian structures. They store ammo, rocket systems, troops, everything inside of residential buildings. That's why Israel is employing knock strikes to warn residents before leveling buildings. They could utilize more infantry tactics but that isn't exactly great either. They are taking the route that minimizes their own people's loss. Is it what they should do morally? Probably not. Is it what every country on earth would also do? Most likely.
You can be desperate without resorting to killing defenseless children and women
Whenever you find me the mystical leader who will ignore the brutal terrorizing of their citizens in exchange for peace talks let me know
That's unfortunately how the world works yes
that’s how it’s always been, and likely never will change
If you think there is a single political leader in the entire world who would stand by after 600+ of their citizens were brutalized in a terrorism attack, you're crazy.

In fact, I would even say if you "do nothing" you're in the wrong. And you would have a whole lot of angry citizens to answer to.
Why do you think none of the neighboring countries want them?
Because Hamas puts their military sites inside hospitals and apartment buildings while Israel develops incredible ways to intercept incoming rockets at an enormous cost, a single Iron Dome interceptor costs 20 times as much as a Hamas dumbfire rocket
Maybe if Israel wasn't violently destroying peoples homes, and forcefully removing them from the area they would be more willing to be neighbors.
Do you think israel is willing to let Palestinians back to their villages and cities that they were ethnically cleansed from?

the answer is no
That's actually false. Majority of Palestinians prefer to live in peace with israelis.
“Share” territory that was stolen. Crazy they would take issue!
When you say “share” you mean “surrender to”.

How much of your country would you surrender?
Was there, roughly two weeks ago (maybe 3), some armed incursion by the IDF into Gaza somewhere? 

It seems like there is a cadence of the Israeli's doing something, the Palestinians doing something. 

The last time everything got wild there was a bunch of news a few days prior to the big news where Israeli soldiers went into a mosque and started beating people then a few weeks later there was news that the the palestinians attacked.
Why would they want to share their territory though ? They were invaded lol. It doesn't matter whether you like Palestinians or not, like Israelians or not, if you invade a country the population will retaliate.
If you have little/poor education, and are subjugated to live in the largest open air prison, under an apartheid regime, with little resources, and constant harassment of racist authorities that constantly displace, arrest, and kill people that look just like you, in your own homeland, you will most likely want to hurt them as well.
Hmm the military wing of Hamas is unarmed women?
A bomb dropping drone is a bomb dropping drone, regardless of how it's made, or who makes it.

But way to minimize a literal bomb dropping drone because it wasn't a Raytheon drone.
You realize Arabs only exist in that area because they stole jewish land and colonized it, right?
>I am honestly beginning to think Israel can't be trusted to handle this issue. If it were possible, I would prefer a neutral party, the UN maybe, or even the US,

Lol Imagine the very people who fucked up the entire MENA thinking THEY SHOULD BROKER THE DEAL.

Sit the fuck down and touch some grass.
Then why do the Palestinian people support Hamas?
Israel's end goal is to keep existing and provide a safe harbor for people who have been genocided for millenia.
[deleted]
>  Israel levels homes regularly, 

proof or STFU.

The problem is that all the examples you will find are b/c the house were where terrorist scum live.
You're quoting an article nearly two decades old, and even in said article;

>Israeli army sources said that the army fired a volley of artillery shells at the northern Gaza Strip which missed their target

That doesn't sound like stones, nor do any of these attacks over the weekend. Watch a video man, there's enough showing you the Hamas invaded Israeli with guns, grenades, launchers, and a bombardment of rockets.
Should Ukraine surrender too?

You think once they surrender it won’t get worse?
Dumb take. The Taliban fought a “futile” war for 20 years and eventually won when US involvement was unsustainable. People fight futile wars because of their ideology. So to win; you’d have to crush their ideology and them as well. Very difficult thing to do.
Israel is the aggressor in the conflict. It’s not a dispute they occupy Palestinian land using military force. This is the source of the conflict.

Should Ukraine surrender too?
Lol nonsense. Israel is occupying Palestinian land and running their own police state.

Sure they want to be left alone to annex whatever land they want and displace whoever they want at any given time but not innocently like “oh please leave us alone”. 

Waiting for Hamas to retaliate in this manner then acting like they are hard done by is why they get away with it.
Israel Military marches the streets of Palestine. It occupies their land using force.

It imposes apartheid conditions.
Everyone in Israel is required to be a reservist. Aside from children, the elderly and those incapable of fighting, "civilian" isn't a thing. And Israel never gives a fk about who they kill. IDF soldiers use Palestinian children for target practice. Tell me again who are the "animals with weapons". Telling that the Palestinians are the only side you view like this.
That’s interesting, I figure they must be using a different compound
Starting with the Patriot missile system in 1991.
> 77% of the timeline presented.

Odd, because it doesnt seem to have had much of an impact.
Why should i respond when the answers were given while i was away? "Lol"
Goes against the propaganda he’s trying to spread 😂
Have you ever made a comment on reddit that wasn't about the conflict? Serious question because it just looks really weird at best and suspicious at worst.
That sub USED to be about beautiful *presentation* of data, the data itself could be boring (better if not but still) but could still be upvoted if it was displayed in a clever and intuitive design
Could have fooled me, with the name data is *beautiful*
Within Israel, sure, but international opinion among the citizenry of Western countries has been shifting towards sympathy towards the Palestinians in the last few years
I agree, the culture is endemically toxic far right now so they don’t need to… but they do: https://hasbarafellowships.org/apply/
*Looks at current events.* Hmmm I wonder why.
Gee, I wonder why. /s
I'll bet they do, though
It most certainly does
Haha that's not fun haha

Haha reddit has been overrun with pro-war propagandists haha
Also PublicFreakout subreddit. That was one of the only places you could occasionally see the horrific stuff Israelis do to Palestinians on a day to day basis. As such, many there is still sympathetic to Palestinians.
Banned
😂
Lol, yeah

https://www.haaretz.com/middle-east-news/palestinians/2018-12-17/ty-article/.premium/idf-troops-shot-disabled-palestinian-in-the-back-of-the-head-as-he-walked-away/0000017f-debf-db5a-a57f-deffc1c70000
if israeli colonizers didnt want to be bombed they could simply move back to brooklyn
They’re not the same at all
Lol? You do realize both sides are attempting a genocide on the other right? Israel most definitely doesn’t warn civilians when they go and displace an entire village because they feel like it. They also don’t warn civilians when bombing hospitals. Just like how the Palestinians do the same thing.
Israel learned from last time maybe? How harsh they were bashed for killing civilians casually?

They are already under investigation of war crime too.
Both Israel and Hamas have same quality.
Oh good they just slaughtered 600 innocent people, but the rapes are only a maybe. Carry on then.
Lol! I have seen naked female bodies being paraded on the street and treating the body worse than a sack of potatoes. 

If someone is willing to shoot at dead bodies, spit on them, jump on them like a monkey, parade them, and other atrocities, they have very likely raped a girl or a woman.
There is a video of a naked, unconscious women being straddled by Palestinian gunmen and paraded around. She's been ID'd as a german citizen who was attending the music festival.

I have said for years that Israel was acting unconscionably, but the actions taken in the last 2 days go far beyond what any reasonable person can excuse as "justified retribution". At the end of the day, while we can support people's rights to their homes and religion, they are islamic terrorists who will rape and traffic these kidnapped women, because that's what islamic terrorists do, historically. They are not the friends of women, or western ideals. Again, we can support their rights, but we can't condone their actions here. They've actually made it very easy for me to support Israeli actions going forward. I don't know what their long term plan is, but it's obviously not to gain international support.
He was saying people had good will, because they are sympathetic to the plight of the Palestinians, before they murdered a concert of kids and shot old people sitting at bus stops. Is that simple enough? I don't care how badly you've been treated. You keep the armed violence to those who can fight back.
Makes you butthurt? Great choice of words
What do you mean there you go? They had no choice but to put " a cool guide"
I was wondering why it's not in something like dataisbeautiful. It's not even a guide.
[deleted]
Cuz you kiddos need to check your western privelege and open your eyes to why the whole Middle East and Russia is backing Palestine so strongly. If WW3 happens, it will be because of this disconnect.
Yeah, like, why did it get so many upvotes?
[deleted]
I wish this post had more likes because this is exactly what I got out of the post. It doesn't take into consideration that Israel prioritizes safety for their citizens more than Gaza does. So there are more that are hurt in Gaza and it works for Hamas's narrative.

There should be a data of how many rockets are sent into Israel and how many are deflected. 

And how many bomb shelters are required by law in Israel vs Gaza.

Either way this data isn't cool. It's horrible.
Honestly, if anything, this post adds the context. I personally was not aware of casualties in that conflict. I simply didn’t care enough, until now, to research, as I am not in any way connected to that region. 

Providing numbers for us, the official unbiased numbers, is not in any way a piece of propaganda. If we start putting muzzle on the facts then you are straight up censoring the media. I lived through that in Soviet Union where we didn’t release any data regarding the west because it made us look weak (and we were). And it was censorship. So let’s not go down that path, especially in the US (where I reside).

Also, what does their iron dome has to do with the amount of casualties? Are they shooting rockets in the automatic fashion, that kill Palestinians? Like, I’m genuinely interested in how it’s pertinent to the discussion here.
>it's fair to assume that the purpose of this post is to push the narrative of "Israel deserves it."

No, it is not. No one here has shown any indication that they like seeing deaths on either side. We can also see limited reporting in the conflict. It is front page news that Hamas has attacked Israel, as it should be. However, Israeli responses such as airstrikes that have demolished residential tower blocks and killed countless people are not. Graphs such as this one help us appreciate how skewed our reporting is.
It is the case? If i throw pebbles at you and your bomb me you’re more violent.
"Fair to assume" no the fuck it isn't. It's data. YOU are the one who are projecting your own views onto it. What the fuck.
The graph doesnt set any narrative.   Its a graph.  Its numbers.  Therefore what it presents is a fact, not a  bias. People who want to put the graph into context introduce bias.  The graph does not draw conclusions.  It makes no judgement on who is better, who the aggressor is, who is right, its just a cold hard number.   Calling a simple, observeable statistic propaganda is ironically the definition of propaganda.

Bringing it up is perfect time right now, its to remind people that Palestinians have died in the conflict on an exponetial scale greater than Israel has, so the propaganda that posits that Israel is always the victim, somehow, despite their status as a colonizer and  aparthied state is put back into the context known as reality.
No, neither your assumed narrative nor your conclusion are fair. 

I'll say it again, Israel created a monster with their action, what's fucked up would be them getting to play "good guys" now. No one is defending terrorism as far as I know
I just wanted karma
Wasn't the Iron Dome really resent though
Most of you have heard about the case only this year 
For decades, Israel has been killing and bombing homes, carrying out several genocides, gradually seizing land, exterminating several towns and villages, and thousands of Palestinian families who have literally been wiped out of the civil registry. 
All this is under a media blackout supported by America, why didn't anyone talk about this? 
Every year we see several children or what remains of them buried every year at least hundreds of funerals, and most of the time there is no funeral, but a mass burial because the graves are full and mortuary refrigerators
From your link: 

>In the data presented here, “injured” refers to people who were physically hurt in a relevant incident and received medical treatment at a clinic or hospital, or by paramedic personnel on the site of the incident. This includes people who received treatment due to suffocation by tear gas. People treated due to psychological shock are not included.

I'm confused. So what's your point?
Dead kids and medical staff shot deliberately
>The part where practically every escalation in violence has come from the Palestinian side.

This is only true if you ignore the prior history of Israeli actions leading up to each attack.
Yea basically there was a famine in Bengal during WWII, Japan occupied it, stole their food stockpiles for themselves, then when the harvest was bad, they had no backup so a famine occurred.

During this we were already on rations ourselves, and if we did send food the Japanese would have just stolen that as well (if not sink the ships, we already had them going against conventions of war like suicide killing medics and utilising minority civilians as bait).

Typically most people who know it properly, dismiss the claims, but anti-British people, particularly young south Asians who are radicalising, genuinely believe we didn’t aid them solely because we “thought of them as less than human”. Again anyone who knows British history knows this goes directly against how we operated and gained most our empire (unlike America or other Europeans, we considered British culture something that could be learnt as a culture, rather than a “God blessed us over pagans”), yet radicals use the lack of context to sell their story we are literal demons
You can make lies with supporting data too. The person who posted this is near exclusively political on Reddit though. It's also a karma-farm because they uploaded it to as many subs as they could.

A casualty report is not enough to form an opinion either. I mean, imagine if you knew nothing about Ukraine or Russia and I sent you an image of how many people have been killed/injured on both sides. There's nothing meaningful that can be drawn from that other than "damn that sucks".
"The stats" here are casualties and it's known how those don't tell a story. The only way people can draw a conclusion from statistics as narrow as this is if they already had an opinion on the topic.
Stats are misrepresented. I can make a similar post on the civilian casualty ratio and you'll see a vastly different picture. It displays the ratio of civilian to combatant deaths.

I can show you records on violence initiators, or how they died. Were they used as human shields? Could their deaths have been prevented while achieving the same goals? The conflixt is so much more complex than just the data above and even a full university course wouldn't cover the entirety of the conflict.
Now, I don't know the facts, so this is somewhat theoretical:

We don't know who the casualties are.  Are they civilians, military, or terrorists?  The majority of these are injuries, not deaths, but we don't know what they are.  Some posts below said that they were mostly tear gas attacks on the Palestinian side, if so, then is a temporary injury supposed to counter actual injuries?  We don't know how they occurred.  We do know that Hamas intentionally launches attacks amongst civilians to increase counterattack casualties (and there are rumors that they don't let the civilians leave when Israel is going to counterattack), which also inflates their numbers.  And it also only shows the results, and not the number of attacks, if one side has better defenses, but gets attacked more often, they may have better casualty numbers.

Note: this is based on some knowledge, but mostly just ideas, so if there is more information that counters this, I'm not saying that I'm definitively correct.

But seriously, there are ton of ways that stats like this can be misrepresented, it shouldn't take much thinking for you to answer your question.  This doesn't mean that it's not woefully one sided.
That data would tell the same disprortionate story of Palestinians v Israels killed in this context, no matter how far you go back.
Go back as far as you want, it won't ever change the fact that 20 times as much blood is spilled by Israel in this conflict, as the dominant modern military force running an apartheid system in Gaza
So you believe if you were to go back further and "include deaths for acts of terrorism" (not sure where it says they aren't) the numbers would favor Israel?

Would you like to make a charity bet on that?
Data before 2008 is just as bad
How are you going to do that? Who gets to define which deaths were terrorists?
what's the data for the last 3 years?
People are talking about an issue at the height of its international relevancy. How is that manipulative??
Remember the good old days when Reddit was like "America's military spending is out of control!  We shouldn't be the world police!" and then Russia attacked Ukraine and Republicans and Democrats and Fox and CNN and Redditors all started unironically singing

*America!  Fuck yeah!*

and you were either a troll or a shill if you were like "America's military spending is out of control!  We shouldn't be the world police!"

Fun times.
What's most likely is that they found a 2021 source, which would only have data up to 2020. Also, data from 2023 is still occurring, so it's really only missing two years.
Every escalation going all the way back to… oh right when they were invaded like Ukraine
>Putting death and tear gas aspiration in same bin

They aren't, though?

Tear gas is red. Death is black, and has a separate total count in the upper left corner.
"How dare people show all the facts! I only want propaganda that supports my side!"
Ah the old “now is not the time to discuss” manoeuvre.  When would be a good time to discuss the thousands of people killed by the government of Isreal?
[deleted]
The chart doesn't include 2023
I wouldn't be surprised if the israeli response kills 10-20 times that many Palestinians, keeping in line with this chart.
>but still denounce the horrible actions of Hamas
information, especially of a biased or misleading nature, used to promote or publicize a particular political cause or point of view.

Propaganda doesn't need to be false or misleading its just info meant to push political messaging
The Palestinians could just lay down their arms. But they want to make Israel just another Middle Eastern hellhole.
She’s probably busy deciding which side to hand to pepsi to
3 years ago I would have, but now not really.
Wouldn’t be surprised if admins work on behalf of foreign governments. We’ve already seen that with Twitter and Facebook.
>the admins are morally bankrupt corporate chucklefucks,

r/rareinsults
My condolences to your access to this sub
Yea, it was along the lines of "just kill everybody."
The first example is Napoleon's invasion of Egypt. You could call it the first war in the name of secularism. Napoleon's unprovoked cpnquest of Egypt was pretty bloody due to technology mismatch..
If he can create the universe, he could prevent wars.
The Christian God sent bears to rip children apart for laughing at a man who was going bald,and told Joshua to completely slaughter the Cananites,endorsed slavery and countless other atrocities. The God of the Quran teaches you to slay Apostates wherever they're found, and that women are property and homosexuals are an abomination, amongst even more atrocities. Religion is a cancer,end of story
Just making conversation, im aware of the ancient philosophies.
I think that humans aren’t likely to end this cycle, although I consider it theoretically possible. I don’t believe in a higher power so what you and I consider possible is different but I think you have more hope for a resolution than I do. I believe it’s important to make steps towards peace here on earth because I don’t see the benefit of praying to a deity (beyond orienting people’s wishes and actions towards peaceful solutions).
What??
Divide and conquer, tactics employed by America all over the middle east.
Damn, if only there was this place that Palestinians had to themselves, perhaps a native land, that they had occupied for a long period that Israelis didn't annex
Stop the occupation.
While this is correct, it’s incorrect to say this is the nature of “Western Politics”. This is the nature of all politics, and it becomes exacerbated with less political parties. The US only has 2, so you are either us or them. Parliamentary systems still have 2 *broad* sides; we can predict how parties will act based on ideological alignment, we can predict who will coalition together and who won’t with a decent degree of accuracy. But it’s very much still us vs them in parliamentary systems.

When you look at China or Russia, it’s very clear there’s 2 sides - but that the single party system oppresses the one side.
It isn't black and white thats why its a mess , its complicated.

Both sides that are doing damage in the conflict are those with extreme ideals. Those that lost themselves to such ideas a they refuse to see the humanity on the other side. And with generations of hate and trama within the mix it makes things more complicated.
Don’t know if I’d say specifically western politics but definitely true, I always knew most US supporters of Palestine only supported it cause the right supports Israel, but I guess I underestimated how little most of them knew about the conflict even in its present state
I get it. Usually when people make the ‘both sides’ argument it’s eye-roll worthy, but this is a case where both institutions, Hamas and the IDF, are fucking monsters. NGL, Hamas has a more sympathetic origin story, but killing kids is never justified.
No way. America will continue to support them even after that.
Now they have a very valid reason to. By initiating this was and killing and taking captive hundreds of innocent Israelis, the Hamas has forfeited any remaining moral grounds.
[deleted]
Well... Don't go attacking the Jews then (They have nothing to lose). They were put there by the colonial powers. But look, if that land is really precious for them, then it's going to remain bloody. Mostly for Palestinians. No way they are ever winning against Israel.
You realize that all happened BECAUSE they started multiple wars against Israel then elected a government whose charter stated that they wanted to exterminate all Jews, right? It’s not like Israel blockaded them for no reason. Also ask yourself why all the Arab countries in the region also blockade Palestine.
[deleted]
The graph only represents the incompetence of the Palestinians. Israel has less casualties due to the iron dome and other defensive measures. Palestine has jack. Yet they keep poking the Hornet's nest.
>IDF killing school children on their way to class, rape women in jails/in front of their families , or forcefully remove families from homes then demolish them in what is basically an open air concentration camp. What's sad is these few examples I've shared were all within this year

You seem to be unaware that the West Bank is ***not*** Gaza. Perhaps you should at least consult a map before further remarks on the topic.
>This reaction is inevitable when you contain and murder hundreds of thousands of people. Treat them like animals why are you surprised they react like animals?

Can I have a source for the murder of hundreds of thousands of people please? I'm not claiming Israel has not commited war crimes, but you make it sound like the Palestinians where peaceful until the state of Israel was founded and attacked the state of Palestine. Thats just not what happened.

The gaza strip has been "contained" since 2006, when Hamas was elected in the last elections there. The reason the gaza strip is kind of like an open air prison today, is that they elected a terrorist organization, thar wants to wipe the state of Israel of the map entirely, which cites antisemitic literature and has used terrorist tactics, like suicide bombings since then to accomplish this goal. This is not an inevitable reaction. I don't see the Palestinians living in the West Bank acting like this or even condoning these tactics.
Israel annihilated Egyptian, Syrian, Jordanian, Lebanese, Iraqi, Saudi, and Kuwaiti armies on multiple occasions without western support. People seem to forget Israel fought most of its wars without support.
But for them to stay in power they have to have a lot of support. from the people that are for their cause.
2005 was 13 years ago; they have a 58% approval in Gaza and 42% in the west bank (2021-2022); They keep picking up passionate recruits from the area.

Hamas is backed by the people of Gaza. why are people trying to find this?
Ok so that makes genocide ok and acceptable? They’ve been like this from the beginning
[deleted]
You might want to reread that exchange.
So you understand why the inevitable violence is happening now. Resistance.
The IDF has regularly done this in an effort to minimize casualties when it identifies a weapons cache or some other threat in a building, including Hamas members.  Gaza is densely populated, and Hamas has zero issue basing their operations or storing weapons close to civilians.  I think it's pretty obvious Hamas doesn't care about Palestinian lives, or at the very least sees losing Palestinians civilians as a necessary part of their plan.  They suck.  You could live in a building and not even realize your downstairs neighbors are actively participating in terrorism, or there's a weapons cache in the basement of an apartment building.  So yeah, a knock at the door is a pretty huge effort in minimizing deaths.  If Israel wanted a genocide, leveling buildings without warning civilians l would be the easiest way to go about it.  Genuinely asking, when the US put troops in Iraq or Afghanistan, did civilian deaths not also occur?  This website says:

"There have been between 280,771-315,190 Iraqi civilians killed by direct violence since the U.S. invasion". 
 https://watson.brown.edu/costsofwar/costs/human/civilians/iraqi 

Is this also an act of genocide? Or is it only considered an acre of genocide when Israel does it.
https://reddit.com/r/list_palestine/s/al1QTvmLbI

Israel only kills as defence? Lol. The fact you speak as if Palestine and Hamas are the same thing is all a I needed to know about your bias
The Palestinian population has increased significantly since 1948. It’s not a “genocide happening at a slower pace”, it’s not genocide at all.
which doesn't make sense we we ignore such a comment
Palestinian violence in response to their house, their business and their kid's school being demolished.
Israel and its superior firepower kills disproportionately more Palestinians like x20 more. It’s genocide.
Damn, the US citizens fund quite a few conflicts around the world
I don't want my taxes going to isreal and never have
Against our will...
I don't support it. I boycott Israeli products as much as possible.
chuck schumer..guardian of israel
And they get it all back, with a lot of interests.

Besides Israel buying American weapons at any price that America wants, they get to have a huge reserve of military equipment in the middle east, just in case someone with Oil don't want to play nice.
Also a system of sending a small yield rocket to warn of an incoming attack
I'm stupid, which one is which lol
Evacuate to where?? I can trap you in a corner and tell you to run because I’m hitting that general area, but where the hell will you run to if there’s no way for you to escape.
one side has the infrastructure capability to send a nationwide text alert

the other side lose their access to that infrastructure at the snap of a finger
And yet the side that's trying to "minimize casualties" has killed many times more innocent civilians.
"if i dont steal your home someone else will"  
is a perfect encapsulation of israel's position in all of this.  
they have total power, utter impunity to do whatever they want, they have zero compassion, they want every square inch of land, they want it all, they are willing to use force to have it, and they will employ flimsy transparent excuses to justify it

they have the power to interrupt the cycle of oppression, then retaliation, followed incremental ethnic cleansing and land theft. they WANT the justification to do what theyre about to do
One side is a free and prosperous nation keeping an ethnic group in an open air prison. The other has spent decades in said open air prison.
I'm so glad israel.send a message telling people.they will be homeless and all their belonging and life will go up in flames 10 mins before it does, over something they have no control off (and if you think Palestinians can go against Hamas I have a bridge to sell you)


Such good guts
Really? How many Israelis died in rocket attacks before the iron dome was enabled in 2011? 

I think you'll find in years with similar numbers of rocket launches the numbers are actually very similar.
We'd probably see the same situation, just reversed.

Israel is stronger *because* it has international support and receives a lot of aid. If Palestine were the ones with support and aid, they'd have to dial down the violence to keep it.
Definitely Israel, and Israel only.
You also forget to mention that the country with state of the art weaponry has walled these people in and crippled their economy and their imports/exports over the last 2.5 decades. They’re very much oppressed
I'm told there were practically working with primitive tech, yet they're also dropping bombs with drones.
Iron Dome didn't exist until 2011 and the parity (lack there of) in Israeli deaths was still much lower. Iron dome, obviously, by the data isn't the determining factor in the much lesser number of Israeli deaths. Just look at the data...

Kind of odd how once Isreal got it and could act with greater impunity Palestinian deaths skyrocketed.
I don’t see anywhere where they implied they want a higher death rate. They were just pointing out that the disparity between the two is because of the Iron Dome and better tech.
The Islamic death cult that is Hamasestine stuck their foot in it this time. Looking forward to them reaping the consequences.
Hey man? Go touch some grass, it'll do you good.
Yeah because being opposed to Israel's settler colonialism automatically makes you support and enjoy Hamas gruesome deeds, nuance is dead.
That is the most braindead interpretation of what I said possible. I’m merely pointing out the power imbalance. Where did I say I want Hamas to get better rockets? Reading comprehension is key
Where did you get that interpretation from?
Bullshit non sequitur. All he said was that there is already asymmetry in power between Israel and Palestine.
How's retaliation supposed to occur without any casualties
Or told not to evacuate after Isreal knocked in the roof. They drop warning drops about 10 minutes before bombs to encourage evacuation. Hamas often barricades the front doors to increase the kill count so evacuation is impossible.
[It happens a lot.](https://www.hrw.org/news/2021/08/12/palestinian-rockets-may-killed-civilians-israel-gaza)

[It's also estimated misfired rockets caused about a third of the deaths during an outbreak of violence last year.](https://apnews.com/article/middle-east-israel-tel-aviv-403d37366347e0f2446e2f90a9b0d02f)

Most are killed by Israeli attacks, but misfired Palestinian rockets absolutely do cause a lot of deaths in Gaza.
They seem to have their view of muslim terrorists based on the satirical comedy Four Lions or something.
It didn't happen after apartheid, it didn't happen after the American civil war, it didn't  happen after the holocaust but surely this time when the oppressed stop being oppressed they'll slaughter their oppressor!!!

Also Hamas was setup and built up by Israel themselves to divide Palestinians away from the secular leftist PFLP.
> It is time to give up and start fighting a political battle for a fair compromise.

Are you at all familiar with Yitzhak Rabin?
do you mean crusades or before? cos this is a very long conflict, but the current palestine israli war has been going on since 1948(ig u could say 1917 cos of balfour declaration but thats pushing it), i say current because no peace agreement was ever signed between palestine and israel since 1948
That is not it. nobody wants them look at Jordan and Egypt. They do even treat them right as refugees.
I mean it was pretty much as succinct as it could be without missing important events - it also was neutral, but I'm not sure what's wrong with that.
Doesn't it reference plagiarism? That's not sysnonomous with AI generated. Could be completely inaccurate, doesn't mean it was plagiarised though.
That is possible. After looking again it appears different programs create different results, for example one says 60% now.

Does that not itself cast doubt on the validity of AI detection?
I am not . I just didn’t mention about Jews as they could be second or third minor Urs.

Yes, there was no goal of Islam to convert everyone Islam rather to ensure a fair message of Islam. Previously Islam ruling was the most  tolerable believe system which ensure rights  of minorities. That’s why so many nation like Iranian, Bosnian, Albenian , Indonesian converted to islam just by seeing islam. And the pace of conversion was much faster in those time. And Syria aka Jerusalem obvious one that converted the fastest. And it’s before Abbasid dynasty. Means before 750.
Technically, yes.
yes i believe so and arguably more so as there are the jewish people that have lived there long before the region was divided up by england

but contextually i believe they are a minority there presently and largely not who people mean in that line of discussion as they tend to be levying anti Palestinian discourse against the muslim diaspora there due to the actions of the terrorist organization hamas
And is that happening in here? Or did you just want to lob it out there that the criticisms levied here make you anti-semetic? 

Do you think the palestines who’ve had their homes stolen would be justified in their anti semetic beliefs? It is after all religion that makes them feel entitled to land.
This particular comment thread is all about the complexities of drawing the line. you say you don't care about what happened 1000-6000 years ago, but why 1000? why not since 1500 of the Ottoman Empire, 1917 British rule, 1947 Israel establishment, 1949 Arab war armistice lines, after 1967 6-day war, 1973  Yom Kippur war, 1982 Egypt peace treaty, 1993 Oslo Accords, 2000 Second Intifada, 2005 IDF withdraw from Gaza, 2009 Gaza War, 2014 Gaza war,  2021 Israel–Palestine crisis, April 2022 Al-Aqsa Mosque clashes, August 2022 Gaza–Israel clashes, January 2023 Jenin incursion, February Nablus incursion , July Tel Aviv attack, September Al-Aqsa clashes, October 6 settler attacks, October 7 Hamas attacks, October 8 Israel declaration of War. Either it all matters, or none of it matters. There is no single date before which everything was insignificant. The truth is, each day matters more than the previous. All we can do is accept where we are now and ask what can we do to make tomorrow better for as many people as possible.
Sure but this is r/coolguides, not r/history.
That’s the problem, did you ever looked a non western news? 

Yesterday, Palestine is demonized by a video where a women body was mutilated. ( which is terrible) 

But at the same time, did you see this ? : https://reddit.com/r/Muslim/s/E1fjkHpbwg

There are thousands of articles other than western media machine said that there is more to this story . And literally by no exaggeration, when this article says they are hiding terrorist in hospital they are saying entire Palestine population is terrorist including children . And you shared the article!!
No state has the right to sacrifice other civilians in such a way. If your process involve killing 6 foreign civilians to save one of your own, your process is criminal.
Your right i guess…
Maybe.  A lot of innocent people would have died either way
The point is both sides are shooting at each other, but Israeli losses are much less because they’re capable of intercepting the incoming ordnance. It’s a statement of fact, not a statement of support for Hamas.
what nonviolent option do the palestinians have, that hasn't already been pursued and totally failed? are they going to tweet their way out of apartheid?
Maybe they should peacefully protest their shitty lives? Oh yeah, they did that in 2018 and got slaughtered. 

ESH. Israel really needs to figure this out in the next 20 years because once the oil production drops in the middle east or demand falters, the US political establishment will stop giving a fuck a out the stability of that region. I honestly can't fucking wait for Israel, KSA and the Gulf States to get theirs.
Yes it is preferable to have incompetence in the art of killing. Where does this bloodthirst come from?
Agree. Both sides should send rockets to where civilians are
Israel has \*nukes,\* friend. Between 100-800 warheads. That's enough to kill most of the people in their hemisphere.
That tells you the amount of restraint Israel is showing
How nice of them
israeli rocket attacks are also shooting at military targets (which sadly are purposely placed inside civilian areas). hamas launches rockets at densely populated areas.
but theyre not aimed at civilians. theyre aimed at military targets, and if that target isnt a person then theres warnings telling people to get out the way- a drop before that just makes noise and a notification to peoples phones telling theme to get out of the building. they could kill more people but thats not the goal
Okay? That has nothing to do with what I said.
Nope, I never mentioned Jews. Many of the Jews in the region have been living there for centuries. Many Zionists, however, have not.
You couldn’t have misunderstood that analogy any worse. 

I assume you’re 11 years old and they just haven’t taught analogies in school yet?
> If 

But they don't, so what are you going on about? If a toddler slaps you do you punch them because "if he was Muhammad Ali he  could have killed me with that blow".
> Call the claim silly 

It is stupid and has caused so much harm and violence. Are you american? If so you should probably vacate your home for the native populations.
>Morally, I see no reason they shouldn’t be able to go back and live among the other locals.

I could say the same for Palestinians. 

People are outraged over made up stories of beheaded Israeli babies, when as we speak, there are literally Palestinian babies laying under rubble.
I would argue HAMAS is the biggest player involved in keeping Gaza how it is
Thank you for proving OP's point so well

Israel had no intention whatsoever to turn it into an "open-air prison"

It became that because after Israel withdrew from Gaza, Hamas took control of the territory and decided to use it as a staging ground for the eradication of Israel. Israel did not ask to have a genocidal neighbor when it expelled its own citizens from Gaza 15 years ago.

That is exactly what OP means. 

People like you conveniently ignore every part of the story that doesnt support your propaganda, use heavily loaded terms like "open-air prison" for obvious purposes, but choose not to acknowledge half the reasons why the situation is the way it is. 10/10.
If you were so worried about the largest open-air prison you would talk about Egypt.

Israel and Egypt are both blockading Gaza.

This is just more [selective outrage](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8W6BVAxFK4).
You’re a clown, you think any modern country would tolerate consistent attacks on their citizens? Imagine if Mexico started firing missiles and kidnapping our citizens. No one bat at an eye at us rolling tanks over the border and installing a new government. Israel has more constraint than any other country in this situation would have.
Jews migrated there mainly illegally. There were also a number of Jewish terrorist organizations that would attack both the Palestinians and the British to "secure a homeland".
Wat,?
The Dome of the rock is literally built where the first and second temple of Jerusalem was. One of the most holiest places for the Jewish people is forbidden for them to go.
Because the holy sites are the same? Judaism and Islam are Abrahamic religions. Spoiler alert, the “holy sites” you mention are also Christian holy sites. 

Fuck it, the American government should start funding the Vatican the way they do with Israel, have the pope start bombing Israel and Palestine for building on top of Christian holy sites. I mean, really, it’s only fair, since TWO religions are building on top on Christian holy sites, and not just one!

Or should we go by who was there first? Should all the Abrahamic holy sites be razed to the ground, for they were literally built above the Canaanite ones? [This votive](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baal#/media/File%3ABaal%2C_God_of_Fertility_and_Storms%2C_Megiddo%2C_Strata_IX-VII%2C_Late_Bronze_Age%2C_1550-1200_BC%2C_bronze_-_Oriental_Institute_Museum%2C_University_of_Chicago_-_DSC07738.JPG) of Baal was discovered in Israel, just North of the West Bank, and honestly, giant statues that look like this would be aesthetically sick af, so that’s what I vote for. 

Also, the Jews that were in Palestine prior to Zionist migration in the 19th century were… surprise! Palestinian. The Zionists migrants were European. The Old Yishuv (Palestinian Jews) had been living continuously in Palestine, specifically in the four holy cities of Judaism, for centuries—like, for so long, that the community had been there before Islam existed. There were also Sephardic Jews, ancestors of the Jews expelled by Spain in the 15th century, and evacuated to Palestine by the Ottoman Empire. Bayezid II literally sent the Ottoman Navy to escort the Jewish refugees from Spain, and gave them Ottoman citizenship. Not sure if the Ottoman subjects were necessarily stoked, as he also made proclamations threatening death to anyone who treated the refugees harshly or refused them admission into the empire, but he only remained in power for another 20 years, yet ancestors of those refugees remained in Palestine long enough to witness the Zionist migrations of the 19th century 300 years later. 

Almost like there’s a difference between foreign refugees being welcomed into a land, and foreign colonizers taking it over? Like, colonizers marching into a foreign land and declaring it as their own *causes political and diplomatic issues*?! Who would have fucking *guessed*!
No one has rights to any land tho. It's all bullshit.
That was in the twentieth century. I’m talking about the late 1800s
You’ve literally just repeated what you said above. If you think that there wasn’t any Jewish violence against Palestinians from 1880-1920 you are fucked out of your mind
You definitely are right. And I am definitely jaded on the politics at this point after hearing and learning about it my entire (sheltered) life. Maybe it's my atheistic and semi-nihilistic view on life that makes me think it's easier than it is...

But in the end, to me, this is like two toddlers arguing. Kiss and make up. The past is the past, learn to live together.
Probably shouldn't stick my head in here, but you said:

There's no such thing as "deserving" to prosper

Do you really think this about humans in general?
[deleted]
You’re not giving a nuanced take. Its just plain stupid. What you call nuance is yourself running circles in your head until you’re confused. That mindset will not resolve any conflict. The standard you and others apply to Israel you wont apply to ANY other nation/peoples. For peace and security we don’t support nations taking away other peoples land.
For every peaceful talk, there will be a violent talk. The Native Americans in the US are able to coexist because both sides agree with the coexistence. There's no reason the Palestinians and Israelis couldn't live together. 

Imperialistic or not doesn't matter because like I said it doesn't matter who was there originally. And you say they have never practiced imperialism, meanwhile Israel as been taking land from Palestine with so called "settlers" and other Western investors.

The 20 to 1 is referencing the death count in OP's image, the 5,590 dead Palestinians to the 251 dead Israelis. The Holocaust deaths is irrelevant to this discussion. If those deaths can be considered, then I could include the millions killed in the "War on Terror" over the last 20-30 years. Or the millions of civilians killed during WW1. Or the millions killed during the Crusades. Etc. 

Yes there have been many multiple atrocities against Jewish people in the past, such as when the Crusaders slaughtered Jews while on the way to the Middle East. But past atrocities do not justify modern atrocities, otherwise there will never be an end to the conflict. It will be an endless cycle of "you killed me last year so I kill you this year".
Be fucking for real. Conflicts thousands of years ago spread people all over the world. It makes no sense in the modern day when Israel has already established a place in the modern world to continue to repay land debts that can only be confirmed with fucking archaeological relics. Besides that, the idea of a state funded by the American government with high powdered weaponry targeting underprivileged farmers and poor children and killing them en masse doesn’t exactly sit right with me, excuse me for being aware of nuance and common fucking sense. I don’t exactly see how Israel is the victim in this case, AT ALL.
Because the pro-Israel lobby wanted it. They have an insane amount of influence over US politicians.
for anyone who is wondering, theyre talking about ANTI BDS LAWS

>As of 2021, 35 states have passed bills and executive orders designed to discourage boycotts of Israel.\[4\] Many of them have been passed with broad bipartisan support.\[5\] Most anti-BDS laws have taken one of two forms: contract-focused laws requiring government contractors to promise that they are not boycotting Israel; and investment-focused laws, mandating public investment funds to avoid entities boycotting Israel.\[6\] There has been debate over whether the laws violate the right to free speech and organizations such as the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the Council on American–Islamic Relations (CAIR) have challenged many of them in court cases.\[7\]  
>  
>Proponents of anti-BDS laws claim that BDS is a form of antisemitism, and so such laws legislate against hate speech. Opponents claim that Israel and its supporters are engaging in lawfare by lobbying for anti-BDS laws that infringe upon the right to free speech.\[2\]?

So it's pretty much bullshit. Boycotting israel is prohibited.
They’re not. OP is full of shit.
This person is straight up lying...
Because it’s not true. It’s BS. Signing an agreement not to boycott the goods of an allied country is NOT the same as signing a “pledge of loyalty” to a foreign nation.
Because it’s not really a thing that happens. MisterPeach here is full of bologna.
That is an anti semitic myth. Not a reality.
They aren't, he's just lying to you
Don’t look up what percent of the Forbes 400 is Jewish
Woah shit it is true.

https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20230223-us-supreme-court-declines-to-review-pro-israel-pledge-requirements/

https://theintercept.com/2018/12/17/israel-texas-anti-bds-law/
They don't want to have to hear the truth because its uncomfortable so they just downvote. I don't care how many downvotes I get, the truth is the truth.
[It’s literally not true](https://www.newsweek.com/teacher-fired-refusing-sign-pro-israel-document-1262083). It’s a pledge not to boycott Israel, not a “loyalty pledge”.

We can all agree that it’s stupid without lying about it.

Edit: I see the facts have offended some of you

Womp womp, bitches
You literally said literally twice.

You must be a very emotional person!
Because our corrupt Supreme Court refused to see the case.
Israel is a developed country with lots of funds for PR and lobbying money.

Palestine... is Palestine.

Israel can spend billions pushing their propaganda. From advertisements to paid social media PR staff.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2018/12/18/she-lost-her-school-job-after-refusing-sign-pro-israel-pledge-now-shes-filing-lawsuit/
[deleted]
For real, I’ve never heard this in my life. Loyalty pledge? At what school?
Maybe if you have low critical thinking skills it sounds like that, but I literally get pro-Israel ads on my phone and shit.
>singing a “loyalty pledge”.

I don't think I've ever seen anyone sing a loyalty pledge out before.
Heres a list of 37.

https://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/anti-bds-legislation
Yeah, definitely agree with you on this and should've made that caveat as well. It's better than just absolutely fake shit and old videos just being made up on twitter, but it's still biased, as ever. Better to have independent personalities you like who can interpret the media and provide some counter-points to the mainstream narratives \*with facts\* in my opinion.
The New York Times at least has a bunch of articles on their front page going into the background of this, including the 16 year blockade, rising settler violence and Netanyahu’s rhetoric.
Please shut the eff up. Israel was never about peace, the numbers in in this guide shows who the real victims are.
Which draft do you mean? Two-state solutions are unilaterally vetoed by the US for 50 years now.
*chances. There have been about a dozen.
Israel has only controlled Palestine for 50 years.



They took control when Egypt and Jordan abandoned Gaza and the West Bank, respectively.
73? You insane?
Doing what? To be as naive at best to say Israelis kill gaza people for 75 is just stupid. You can be insulting as you want it doesn’t change the fact on what happened yesterday. If it was happening to some other country you will be outraged. 

You are a hypocrite
Israel literally warns of the exact spot of where they are going to bomb in order to lessen civilian casualties. Hamas converts civilian centres into bases and launches rockets from thst and Israel is therefore forced to strike back. The people of Palestine (and most muslims in the world) support Hamas.
There could be peace but Palestine is the one kicking up the conflict consistently, e.g the surprise attack this week. Unless you consider just Israeli’s being on the land provocation, in which case, would you consider an Algonquin native shooting missiles at American cities justified?
Palestinian civilians are killed primarily because Hamas deliberately operates from residential buildings, schools and hospitals.
Slaughtered? 5,500 deaths in what is essentially a counterterrorism campaign is pretty damn light.
If I put a gun to your head and pulled the trigger but you only survived because the gun jammed, wouldn’t it still fuck with your mind to imagine if the gun had not jammed? To imagine you’re only alive because you got lucky?
Yeah intent is so important.

The murder of 260 innocent civilians from one music festival from yesterday proves that.

If hamas had the actual tools and opportunities the historic casualties wouldn't be low.

They wouldn't be doing roof knocking. They would do barbaric ISIS Shit like they did yesterday.
Both go to prison
In what world do you live that you think that isn’t true? Hamas had a call for genocide against Jews til a few years ago in their charter. You are really kidding yourself
Palestinians are primarily oppressed by their own leaders though who deliberately orchestrated scenarios that will get as many of them killed. That’s well documented for decades. But it’s easier to “Israel bad, Jews bad”
Could've had their own state to govern themselves. They rejected the proposal, went to war and lost horribly. Now they play victim while targeting civilians with rockets and massacring peace concerts.
Right because that completely justifies blowing up schools, houses, and hospitals because "well the terrorists could have been hiding there!!"
Do you have a brain? You do realize that Israel has the power to send ground forces (fully armored tanks, vehicles and soldiers with the highest tech available in the world) into Gaza instead of bombing the hell out of it? They are bombing it on purpose because they know much more civilians will be killed this way in addition to not risking a single Israeli life. 

Israel would rather kill 1000 Palestinian men, women and children instead of losing 1 Israeli soldier
Can I buy you a plane ticket to Gaza?
Yeah! It was the "settlers" that got taken hostage from a music festival. Those old people at the bus stop were colonizers, right? Were the internationals that were murdered in on it, too? Whatever. It's their life, not your life. /s
Show your source you fucking Nazi scum.
Did you grab that from out of your ass, next to your brain?
shows the average emotional maturity of someone who thinks just because palestine is getting their ass kicked in a violent war means it’s okay for them to kill women and children
Here's an example of what I was talking about. What is your point? I didn't make any comment on which side I think is good and which is bad. 

I merely stated how people are openly advocating genocide, like what world do we live in where comments like, "turn em to glass", "nuke it all", "no prisoners", "level that place", "Israel should just use the bigger bombs", "leave no one alive" are ok?

https://youtu.be/tq8WgNL0ErE?si=5Uv1F4aJHDtPKoW3
Murder of innocents is bad no matter who does it. The fact of the matter is that Palestinian women and children have been murdered at significantly greater rates, yet there has been extremely little outrage for decades. I honestly feel grief for the innocent people trapped in the crossfire of this conflict in Israel as well, but I refuse to be told to accept that the only solution is killing more innocents elsewhere.
A lot of those Russians and poles were fighting for the Germans, not against them.
But his side wasn't the evil one in the fight against literal Nazis, are you completely out of your mind?
It's your example that is in bad faith, not all parties in wars are equal in their intent or action - you are comparing the native Indians who did not declare genocide on those who attacked/stole from them and Hamas a literal terrorist organisation that openly declares it will not rest till all Jews are dead - they will rape and murder and even put that shit on video because ignorant people like you are glad to make arguments like this no matter the atrocities they commit
[deleted]
[deleted]
Look guys you lost I won and I just want peace now okay?
> Are you going to source that

No, I'm not going to source the US History class I took in university eight years ago.

>we factoring in that settlers encouraged the spread of disease?

You mean the myth created and perpetuated in the 40's?
You think that over a period of multiple centuries that involved the gradual takeover of nearly an entire continent of territory, there wasn’t a single Native American who resorted to morally questionable means of resistance?
May your country get colonized, ur children murdered, ur house and land stolen, and may u get treated like a non human being second class citizen. And may people say about you and your colonizer: let them fight, let them both lose, i dont care.

I do not actually wish that on you may you have peace and learn to have compassion and empathy as a human being. Goodluck
Kind of like what they are doing to the Palestinians currently
Same if the ultras in isreal had their way. There are genocidal idiots on both sides that want to see each other dead.
Oh same thing. After all the bloodshed, they will be forced out as well. Probably with tons of blood to boot.

Unfortunately, one side is the oppressor and the occupier and should leave. Jewish presence was there throughout history (apart from when the Romans ruled the area), so many Jews will have to stay just because they owned land before Israel came to be. Anyone who was moved on top of another Palestinian's land should actually move out.
I do. I’m just curious as to why you don’t give a fuck about gazans tortured and killed by hamas.
[deleted]
The hamas leadership is famous for taking funds meant for humanitarian aid- and that from iran-  and parking it bank accounts in secrecy jurisdictions. Complete corruption.
Hamas doesn’t give a fuck about gaza. They exist solely to pimp the citizenry for international aid funds and power.
They’re a terrorist organization formed with the sole intent of killing all Jews. Just because they’re the underdogs does not mean they’re the good guys.  See yourself out.
https://www.hrw.org/news/2019/05/29/palestine-no-letup-arbitrary-arrests-torture
https://www.ifj.org/media-centre/news/detail/article/palestinian-journalist-tortured-by-hamas
https://www.atalayar.com/en/articulo/politics/israeli-palestinian-conflict-and-hamas-child-soldiers/20210512113126151157.amp.html
https://unwatch.org/rights-group-exposes-palestinian-torture-ahead-of-first-un-review/
This is what they are

https://www.hrw.org/news/2022/06/30/palestine-impunity-arbitrary-arrests-torture
They are bottom feeders. Their leadership’s revenue source, much of which goes offshore, is a direct function of the misery of their people. That is where their “legitimacy” comes from.
The population is skewed because everyone shits out 10 kids each with nothing to do but follow hamas.
He’s pointing out that without US training and support for the mujahideen (which eventually became Al queda and the taliban) in the 80s, 9/11 probably doesn’t happen. Same with yesterday. If the Palestinians weren’t living in a brutal apartheid state, they probably don’t attack Israel.
Ok but if you know history you know that it was absolutely started by the Israelis and it's not even close. If you study the present you know that israel holds all the cards and can stop the violence whenever they want.
..and they are full of shit because they are the cause of that problem..
Saying 9/11 was a direct result of Desert Storm for instance isn't the same as "rationalizing" 9/11. If we want to talk about preventing violence we have to talk about the causes of violence. This stuff doesn't happen spontaneously in a vacuum and if you think it does you need to grow up.
Because the Arabs have *such* a good track record against Israel. Hold on, I think the Yom Kippur war is on the phone for you.
Lmao so much “restraint” has been shown by these countries that they invaded Israel over and over again across its history huh??

Yea what great restraint.
They've tried multiple times and failed each time, read a book
They tried that before and got their shit pushed in.
Have you ever read a history book? The entire Arab world tried many times to wipe Israel off the face of the map simply because they existed. Look at all the wars since 1948, they would have done it do they could have by now but they have failed each time they try to invade.
they did try and failed.
This is an incredibly funny comment
Not to mention that Israel (normally as far as I’m aware) provides warning before conducting strikes. It’s unfortunate that Hamas enjoys using civilians as human shields.
>If the Palestinians held all the power, there would be no oppression to speak of because all of the Jews would be dead or expelled.

Which is why nobody is arguing that Palestinians should be given all the power. Yet clearly the bombings, oppression, and seizure of land and property is only making Hamas stronger. When you find yourself stuck in a hole, the first thing you do is stop digging. 

Even now I've seen countless comments and post arguing for the genocide and erasure of Gaza as a whole. You can't stomp out these types of movements with airstrikes and authoritarianism.
Imagine being this ignorant. Please tell me why then haven’t the Palestinians destroyed the ancient churches and Jewish places of worship that are older than the war itself??? Like I said, delusional.
Israel isn’t a baby nation anymore, it’s standing on its one feet and arrogance. Yesterday like so many past events are like 9/11, self inflicted yet blamed on the enemy.
Incredible that’s what you’d read from my comment.
*40s, you’ve lost all credibility. Jews and Arabs including Muslims and Christians lived in harmony in Palestine before the Zionist movement picked up momentum. It was the Palestinians that were slaughtered and continue to be.
Like I said in another comment, even if Israel treated palestinians with the upmost care and consideration, it still wouldn't matter. It's stolen land under an ludicrous radical religious pretext that seeks to erase arabian culture and peoples. Are you american? Imagine someone invaded your state, and expected you to be happy after giving you "free rein" over a few cities in a strip of land that was part of your land to begin with.
You can say it will be a "solution" that will be final...
Cope more LMAO. Even if every palestinian received a free unicorn and a bouquet of flowers everyday from the state of Israel it still wouldn't matter since they are colonizers and stole their land under ludicrous ideological reasons. The reason everybody is living in this hell right now is zionist brainrot and nationalism. One of the most cruel and unecessary conflicts in the world

Not to mention that jewish and slavic people helped nazi authorities during the Holocaust, so it wasn't a genocide then? Oh, and the ukranian population grew during the Homolodor, guess we are denying it as well. What is your fucking point?

Same fucking apologia, just diferent tiranical governments and bootlickers.
Riiiiiight. Nice try IDF Hasbara Brigade!

Keep up the good work, soldier.
Get the fuck out of here with your misinformation.

There are 47 different members of the UN Humane Rights Council inviting the countries of Algeria, Argentina, Bangladesh, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia (Plurinational State of), Cameroon, Chile, China, Costa Rica, Côte d’Ivoire, Cuba, Czechia, Eritrea, Finland, France, Gabon, Gambia, Georgia, Germany, Honduras, India, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malawi, Malaysia, Maldives, Mexico, Montenegro, Morocco, Nepal, Pakistan, Paraguay, Qatar, Romania, Senegal, Somalia, South Africa, Sudan, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, United States, Uzbekistan, Viet Nam. 

Like, do you just think nobody is going to fact check your bs?
Are you okay?
Yeah I'm not with you on this. Your premise seems to take Hamas in a vacuum, which ignores everything that Israel has already done to Palestine. The question is not what would Hamas do. The question is what has happened so far and who's responsible.

The answer is that Israel is an apartheid state. It doesn't matter the historical reason for Israel's decades long subjugation of Palestine, that is the current reality and it is unjustifiable under all circumstances.

We do not have proof of Hamas' genocide of Jews; we only have what some people believe they would do. It's like the concept of "pre-crime" in the movie Minority Report. Prosecuting people for crimes considered but not committed.
So you don't think Israel is an apartheid state? Do you even care about the families who were displaced by Israeli soldiers due to illegal settlements. Those folks are stateless. None of that matters to you because of what Hamas has said. You must feel that Israel is justified in their behavior over the last several decades. Good to know you support the destruction of those innocent Palestinian families
And all the families displaced by Israeli soldiers for illegal settlements were what, enemy combatants? Come on now; don't start with the disingenuous both sides-isms. One side has been much worse over the last several decades
Ad hominem attacks serve no purpose in this discussion. Try contributing something of substance next time
Bombing civilians and shooting children sure sounds like terrorism
I'm suggesting that the Hamas South African-style propaganda method requires blood, whereas Israel requires a low death count
Well Hamas has a tendency of using civilians as shields.
That’s true. I made an inference that may have been incorrect.
The issue with COVID was the CCP lying about the fatality rate leading to an underprepared response. Whatnworked for the swine flu was a massive mandatory vaccination program because a vaccine had been developed before the accident
>I think you're confusing anti-semitism with anti-zionism

thats on purpose
>  I don't hate Jews, I hate Israel.

[x]
Ah, the old, "I don't hate black people. I only hate N-"

That mask isn't hiding anything, buddy.
>The problem is Israel is a religious ethnostate,

So let's have ANOTHER MUSLIM ethnostate. Just stop. Take off the mask. Stop hiding. Nazi Tankies being revealed.
The comment you linked is 2 years old. Did it just magically appear in your comment? No. You dug through their posts for anything you could stretch into something.

>comes to defend their fellow Nazi

I told you I'd go find my comments, prepare to eat your words:

https://old.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/qw5t8g/post_was_locked_it_seems_like_more_people_are/hl2hz6o/

>Shit's sad. Like you'd think wannabe Nazis wouldn't pretend Hitler didn't pull off the thing he said he was going to do. Like your hero couldn't hit the broadside of a barn when he was standing a foot away from it? How does that make any sense? And if you believe it enough to go on the internet and insist that it's true, why worship the guy? Like own your shittiness and acknowledge that he did something really fucked up or stop making him the posterboy for your cause if he dropped such an easy catch. It's like if a bunch of people worshipped Jerry Christ who said he was going to rise from the dead on the third day, but just stayed dead instead. "Yea, we know it's weird to worship a regular dude that claimed to be god, but we just really admire his enthusiasm." Stuff should add up eventually.

You can keep pretending whatever you want though and spreading your ignorance just like those clowns. I'm actually curious if you've ever really gone after an actual wannabe Nazi or if you spend all of your time pretending people with valid points are Nazis in a transparent attempt at stifling any criticism of the Israel government's treatment of the Palestinians. Someone's gotta do it, no? I've got my receipts. Let's see yours. Because so far I've seen a bunch of drivel.
Okay apartheid sympathizer. Maybe you should just admit both sides are giant pieces of shit. Calling people a nazi when you have no argument shows your ignorance.
The funny projection from the nazi
your ancestors died inside an oven, and we had nothing to do about it, spare us your bullshit
You also won’t see that kinda stuff right now because everything we see in the news and online is so pro-Israel right now that you won’t see anything Palestinian right now. They both suck ass. Palestinians are severely oppressed, they’re not without their own problems and hamas should not have done what they did , but Israel is no where near in the clear for what they’ve done
Wtf do you want them to do?? Israel has literally blockaded the Gaza Strip for how long now? Kind of hard to be a political activist in the face of terrorists when the other side is actively trying to starve you to death
Mate it just baffles me how easy for you and others it is to demote a whole group of people to subhumans and are basically all like "just glass the place fuckum"
What non-sense are you spewing? They had about the same percentage (43.9%), but this comparison is sheer stupidity. One of these two can be compared  to nazis, and palestinians sure as fu*k are not the one.
I seriously have been searching for this but havent found any hard evidence about rapes. And the body of the woman in the truck was supposedly stripped naked, but it was a festival where everyone was wearing shorts and stuff. And there are claims that the woman was an Israeli military. It seems the media is pushing a narrative.
I did some research and turns out she's a zionist. Which is why some sources labeled her as a soldier. Combine that with the fact that we don't have any context at all and you have a recipe for misinterpretation. I don't support what happened in the video but it's not as black and white as you think. What do you expect of people who were oppressed for decades, thousands of people dead and families ruined? But there is something else interesting to notice here; why is no one talking about when Hamas were protecting women and children? In fact there are multiple videos of this not just one instance like you provided. Why does everyone portray hamas as monsters and rapers meanwhile we have such videos?

In other words what are you people smoking?
you are a terminally online dullard
What he said in this comment is perfectly okay. I don't need to agree with his other comments.
this is why discourse is so weird to me.. lets stop trying to convince people who will never be and just take action. the wrong will never be righted
You won’t ever realize how ignorant and how little you actually know. 

Dunning-Kruger
Gaza is an open air prison, the people cannot escape no matter how many times you “knock”. The current Israeli regime puts in zero work toward a democratic solution. They only attack attack attack when the cornered dog finally lashes out.
They frequently protested it and the expanses of Netanyahu. Now they’re united thanks to hamas’ stupidity and they will vote in the most extreme right wing gov for year to come
There is Video footage of Israeli’s getting beat up by IDF TODAY, for protesting the sanctions cutting off their water, food, and electricity
The peaceful Muslim Arabs in Israel are not a problem. Only the violent ones.
True, Hamas *have* to go house to house raping, kidnapping and murdering civilians, parading their naked, broken corpses in the back of pickup trucks for crowds to spit upon. There's nothing else they could have done!

Is it actually that hard for you to denounce shit like this, or do you think it somehow detracts from your overall argument against Israel if you acknowledge that Hamas should not be going out of their way to murder and rape civilians?
? The fuck does that even mean?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palestinian_Legislative_Council plenty of alive opposition members. Edit: you’re French, so not surprising that you support neocolonialism and apartheid
Oh stfu Israel couln’t have done shit. Everyone knows that Israel is esentially USA’s lapdog on the Middle east. If your lapdog contracts rabbies and just starts attacking people, then you put it down for good. This is the exact reason why you couldn’t go full blown genocide.
> In the present Convention, genocide means any of the following acts committed with **intent** to destroy, in whole ***or in part,*** a national, ethnical, racial or religious group, as such:

- Killing members of the group;

- Causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group;

- Deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part;

- Imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group;

- Forcibly transferring children of the group to another group.

https://www.un.org/en/genocideprevention/genocide.shtml
yes hamas and israel governement are both genocidal
If you weren’t laughing about the situation why’d you downvote my “war isn’t something to laugh about,” comment? Super sus..

Read my comments again. But read slower this time.

And for clarification if you don’t re-read - BOTH sides have been fn moronic for a long ass time.

Civilians should never be killed, let alone tortured and raped. There were people at that concert from countries nothing to do with this conflict. Don’t get me started on all the children that have been killed there over the years.

Pretty sure God/Allah is not cool with this situation nor is the “well they did it to us” excuse that everyone everywhere uses is going to fly with Him. He will judge. Harshly. Hate can’t drive out hate, only love can do that.

This is going to get a lot worse.

But ya. Laugh some more.
> rational people don’t want to see civilians murdered

Quite rich coming from someone who just dusted off hundreds of murders as ‘the only difference is this one was caught on tape’.
No. Anyone who are anti freedom and pro extremist can all just die off the face of this earth. The earth have enough problems already.
I am not cheering for Israel, and do not support a number things they do. But it is obvious how clueless and uneducated people are on the subject. Hamas is a terrorist organization and their goal is pretty clear.
What would the US do if Mexico started bombing Texas?
Because the British weren't bombing Republican streets. I'm from Ireland so this is the last road you want to go down.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying that what hamas is doing is correct or justified, I'm just saying that it was expected. Your absolutely right in saying that they're going to get wiped out. Isreal is very well equipped thanks to United States taxpayers, and they're going to use this as an excuse to finish wiping Palestine off the planet. We're going to witness a genocide, and the majority of the people watching will cheer it on thanks to the massive amount of pro Isreal propaganda they're pushing out.
>  they are just going to get glassed in retaliation

That's why only the cruelest people support netanyahu and his genocidal retaliation.
Agreed. Israel should be destroyed.
> the arabs

Damn, you reddit nazis are insane
Yes because according to so many idiots in here, only good guys die a lot. If you kill a lot of people you’re clearly a bad guy, regardless of ANY other factors.
/s

Can’t wait for when there are more Israelis dead at some point in the future and all the idiots in here flip their position and defend Palestinians, despite them being hypocritical as hell
Youre telling me civilians are terrorists?

Are you.. stupid or just american?
>while the other use it as meat shield for military equipment.

So Israel is allowed to bomb defenceless people because they..have a better military?

Coolio.
> Also because they are actively choosing to have bases in hospitals and schools.

Could you provide some evidence for this?
They are different indeed. But in saying that, there is a necessity to prove that raping (for example) is more practiced towards the israeli civilians than the palestines. I don't know if that's true. What I do know is that there are confirmed reports of Israel soldiers raping palestine woman systematically.  [font](https://mondoweiss.net/2022/08/how-colonizers-weaponize-rape-reflections-from-the-palestinian-case/)

But yeah, hiding in a civilian crowded area is a common guerilla practice and should be effective when the enemy cares about the casualties (or public relations). That's not always the case with Israel, as the numbers show. 

Another thing entirely is blaming the targets and not the ones that carried out the bombing for the casualties caused by it. I can't agree with that.
If you're gonna invade another country then don't cry about it when they fight back.   

That being said, the [UK and France](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mandatory_Palestine) should clean up the mess they made.
The vast majority of Palestinian casualties are also civilians. 

While terrorist attacks on civilians is always to be decried, Palestinians are justified in defending themselves from a colonial occupation.
Given that about 99% of the roxkets they fire off are intercepted by iron dome, I think it seems more likely they are aiming to inflict monetary damages to the Israeli military which uses advanced missiles to intercept their cheap rockets.
The retaliation is irrelevant to being fascist. What is here happening is cheering for a fascist state retaliating. Which is important to emphasize, in this zero-sum game, where Israel is fascist and Palestine is terrorist, and any cheering for any side is an enabling of either fascism or terrorism.
>Which country wouldn’t retaliate lol?

Palestine has been occupied for 70+ years now. Apparently they are the only ones NOT allowed to retaliate in your mind.
Which is worse, terrorism or fascism?
Who's supporting terrorism?... Stop defending the apartheid state and Isreal oppression of Muslim people.
If I was a serial killer, and someone killed my family, I'd probably want to get my revenge. Doesn't change the fact I'm a serial killer. If I get fan mail in jail from crazy girls cheering me on to kill my family's murderer in the name of "justice", they are cheering on a serial killer.
If my family had stolen that home and killed the people living there, I would not have expected much less of such an outcome
First you have to steal their homes and kick them out, murder their family and take their resources and burn their crops. Then act surprised when they retaliate.
Aside from your comment being absolutely mind-blowing in its stupidity, it also highlights the absurdity of this war; Palestinians having to *retreat* to Gaza in the first place. You're thinking of this as some terrorists living in their terrorist hideouts doing guerilla warfare which is just simply ignorant.
The terrorist remains what it is, a terrorist. But It surely makes the 9 civilians that were killed in the bombing victims. 

I think your hypothetical mind exercise explains well what the numbers are showing, actually.
they massacred foreigners as well
I find it odd when people get into a discussion and can't discuss at all. 

Why don't you explain the contradiction in my comment instead of personally attacking me? If you are that much more historically knowledgeable than me, it should be easy.
Don't make me resurrect a certain someone. That someone being Morgan Freeman. He might be able to read us some books to calm us down.
Go jerk off in a sock kid

It’ll be a better use of your time
No oppressed people got their rights peacefully
Either condone the actions of Israel or shut up. Just admit you support ethnic cleansing. See how that works?
>One they they definitely shouldn’t do is target civilians.

If your argument is that targeting civilians won't bring justice for the Palestinian people much less liberation, certainly we agree.

>Apart from that you can debate tactics.

What tactics are there to debate? There exists no strategic doctrine that will allow the Palestinians to achieve meaningful concessions much less win a war against Israel.

I'm not saying killing random civilians is right or just, or whatever strawman other people want to make of me. I'm saying the Palestinian people don't actually have any good options so they choose from among a pool of bad ones.
A country built fundamentally on racist apartheid colonization policies with universal conscription has no one that is simply a civilian. That is how Palestinians see it.
>Yeah everyone should be as smart as you.

I never said I was smart anywhere? Weird chip on your shoulder there.

>Except, idk, guerila warfare

"Idk, guerila warfare" You genius, why did the Palestinians never think of that, I'll be sure to let them know. The war will certainly turn around now.
You do know that the Zionist movement began in the late 19th century right? And the Balfour Declaration was in 1917. I think what you're trying to do is play victim here, but please do not conflate anti-Zionism with anti-Semitism.
Is that so?
Do they have no buildings besides hospitals and schools?
Terror for you freedom for us. They are not the same.
[deleted]
He is gaslighting you, its ok, we can see who is knowledgeable and who isnt.
This you?

"’Military targets only’? Then why was shireen abu akleh killed? why are so many young palestinian killed simply for protesting?”

And

“you are literally cherry-picking historical events that fit your agenda.”

📸🤨

Furthermore, my comment was simply pointing out how you are defending Palestine by saying many countries support them. (Which is a bad argument) But, thanks for the freudian slip in your response by saying the quiet part out loud. My comment made no mention of your supporting Palestine, simply just pointing out your bad argument. *YOU* brought up supporting Palestine lmao

Here is your L, now go back to debate class and and quit huffing paint, your brain cells are begging you 

/u/dowoo2099 You’re right! **You two!** 😂
It's Hamas using them as meat shileds.
Israel is fighting a war against an enemy whose stated purpose is to take over all the land of Israel and kill or expel all of its Jews. In wars, sadly, civilians (including children) are caught in the crossfire. It is deeply tragic. But consider this: the Hamas leadership knows full well of this phenomenon. They know if they launch an attack on Israeli civilians or soldiers that Israel will retaliate with full military force. They know that when Israel retaliates, Palestinian children will be caught in the crossfire. Hamas is choosing to stage these attacks despite that knowledge.  Why? 

As I see it, there are two possibilities: 

1. Fanaticism. Hamas is fully willing to sacrifice any number of people on either side in order to achieve its goals. What is it to them if thousands of their own people are killed? Those people are martyrs. Their deaths are, to Hamas, acceptable. 
2. Cynicism. More dead Palestinian kids is ultimately worse for Israel than Hamas. It makes Israel look worse. It gives Hamas propaganda pictures to print. 

Don't get me wrong. Genuine Israeli discrimination against Muslims does exist, and may well have been a factor in at least some of those 8,700 deaths. However, Hamas claims to be the government of the Gaza strip. If that is true then the responsibility of protecting those children rests on Hamas, not Israel. Hamas can't reasonably believe it has any chance of actually achieving its goal of destroying Israel and founding its own Islamic state in its place. Too many other governments, armies, etc. have tried and failed to do just that. So Hamas is willingly choosing to sacrifice Palestinian kids on the altar of an un-winnable cause. 

That is stupid.
You're really helping here.
Because when black Americans burn down their oppressors’ homes with them in it, it’s justice. 

But when Palestinians do it it’s unjustified.
As well as the anti-lgbtq attacks and basically anyone who isn't Muslim. But no seriously guys, Palestine is the victim here! /s
Are you blind or stupid? Most deaths and injuries have been inflicted upon the Palestinians. Israel controls who gets job permits in Gaza. Israel turns off Gaza's electricity on a regular basis. Israel has basically locked Gazans in the Gaza Strip. Gazans suffer from malnutrition due to Israel and most children in Gaza have PTSD+suicidal feelings. 

Most children who have died have been Palestinian. Most stolen has been done by Israel. Most infrastructure destruction has been done by Israel. 

So tell me again, how ISN'T Israel the more evil one? Because they kill with missiles instead of knives?
Fuck off Nazi
> You and thousands of others are in here incorrectly portraying Palestinians as victims, tf you on about?

You dont think the Palestinians are victims in this whole mess too?
Given all that Jewish people have suffered throughout history, it takes a special kind of stupid defend Israel's current nazi government.
I said they are victims, what are you on about? 🤡
Typical pro israeli nonsense
I don't give a shit about karma, but I do give a shit about warmongering.
No whoosh. Palestinian supporters often refer to Israelis as “occupiers.” Unless OP states otherwise, their language indicates that they think Israelis are the occupiers and therefore the aggressors.
>  If I intend for my people to defend themselves and some innocents are lost due to this is tragic. If I intend for my people to slaughter and rape civilians to send a message it’s monstrous.

So are the Palestinians not allowed to defend themselves even if it means some innocents will be killed?
> Show me one instance of Israelis kidnapping a civillian woman, gang raping her to death, and then parading her corpse around to a crowd of cheering people like they just won the World Cup.

The entire Israel occupation of Palestine is this writ large.

But to more specifically address your issue, heres a recent example: https://www.jordantimes.com/opinion/ramzy-baroud/untold-story-abuse-palestinian-women-hebron Note the date on this article. Its relevant. Accusations of rape perpetuated against Palestinian women by IDF soldiers are incredibly common. And those accussations arent just coming from Palestinian women but also from IDF soldiers who have seen it happen. Of course, since for some reason people dont seem to care when its happening to a Palestinian women they are rarely investigated.
Watch this nice video https://x.com/bearded_guy/status/1710779913593118872?s=46&t=9w5k6OlcEO_3RyMISDjkCg
> ... what the fuck are you talking about? No, Israel never kidnapped a tourist in Palestine naked, murdered her and broke all her limbs, then tied her to the front of a fucking car and drove it through the streets as the population cheered and spit on the corpse.

Just curious, but how familiar do you consider yourself to be with the I/P conflict? Because it seems like you are new to this whole mess.
Heres one from less than a month ago: https://www.jordantimes.com/opinion/ramzy-baroud/untold-story-abuse-palestinian-women-hebron

This shit has been going on for years. During the Israeli incursion into Jenin reports of stuff like this were all over. Just because you dont hear about this stuff doesnt mean its not constantly happening.
Literally you lack critical thinking capabilities. You think like a baby. 

How would Palestine acquire the kind of munitions Israel uses to annihalate its population? They are ridiculously expensive and sold largely by NATO countries.
I think we would agree if you think the end of Hamas would also pull the wind from Netanyahu’s rise. However, it is clear nothing is going to be done to Hamas from inside Gaza. 

It is like a cancer which has spread all through the body, but with the patient refusing treatment. When that patient lashes out, who would blame those who call for the patient to be restrained and sedated?
Israel has the power to wipe Palestine out and they havent...if Palestine had the same power every Israeli would be dead...
I mean not since the crusades, the world is more civilized now 
, all other religions have moved on with the times, apart from one barbaric one. To me all religion is pretty stupid but one seems to be the root of all problems, call it what you want
Bruh. You ain't even hiding the fact that you're a blatant islamophobe. Go outside. Socialize.
You are condoning an attack on civilians by Hamas that sets peace progress back 10+ years. I don’t care what you call me. You and anyone who thought shooting those rockets was a good idea is a moron and should all group together in the next building targeted. That way the world can move on from your bullshit
Just yesterday more than 3000 missiles were launched all across Israel including Jerusalem, which is populated by both Arabic and Israeli people

And that’s just yesterday.

Trust me, I’m pretty sure they didn’t start launching missiles last year
> the people of gaza are captives of the Iranian regiment that you dont get is that they are used and abused

Could you explain what you mean by this?
> By uniting together instead of being divided on whether or not they want to continue the violence.

What would that even look like?
You support terrorists. You’re opinions are garbage and worth less than dogshit to me.
When you post numbers of deaths of one thing directly after another thing happens, people will typically call you out for whataboutism, since the only motivation of such posts will be to incur the idea that those deaths are less tragic - or in this case, even ‘deserved’.
I’m not sure what point you’re trying to make. None of the money goes towards helping Palestinians already, why do you think more would? You’re just proving my point here. Hamas doesn’t give a shit about Palestinians.
Whataboutism at its finest
Not saying I condone it.   Perhaps we can both agree that Hamas needs to quit using human shields and stop staging their attacks from the roofs of schools and hospitals.
LOL keep going with ur propaganda, I just proved my point that u are a propagandist
No it’s constant. Hamas positions are all in residential areas. They use schools and hospitals to launch missiles
Well done troll, now yell upstairs and tell your mommy to bring you your sippy cup and blanket, you sound grumpy little man, like its nap time
Nah, I would rather we continue where Hitler left off. Jews have been expelled from 109 different countries, but it's never their fault. Why is that, Goldbergstein?
Nowhere near the majority of the IDF is American funded. Hamas basic small arms are brought from Iran, IDF buys jets it co-develops with half of NATO and gets a coupon on them. IDF doesn't even buy its tanks, they're made donestically
No idea.
They wont nuke Iran
Some cultures are civilized, some are barbaric.
What?
No, not really
I'll hold my breath for the person using that to read through pointless reddit comments.
You know why you rarely ever see those things being used by blind people? They're insanely expensive ($2000+), requires you to learn braille, and the alternatives, such as a screen reader, can be free and are a whole lot more accessible.
Comparing one sensory impairment to another, both non critical use cases like listening to music VS colors on a chart. 

Seems the fucking same to me. 

Every damn chart posted, some colorblind person complains that they can't see it. Yeah, that's because your colorblind.
I thought your comment about color-blindmess was interesting. But you sound silly when you talk about things like babies being beheaded. It's obvious good people are against that kind of thing, and it's used as propaganda. Nobody serious advocates for beheading babies, so it sounds ridiculous to anyone serious about these things. It makes it sound like you think the IDF has upheld a strict no-baby-slaughtering policy throughout their decades of brutalizing and oppressing Palestinians. It makes it seem like you don't know that America is allied with Israel and that's why they have to share uncorroborated stories with AI-generated images of things like dead babies. Israel has forced two-million Palestinians into a box, control their electricity, food and water to their schools hospitals houses, they don't allow anyone in or out so if people do escape they can't get back to their families. This has been a one-sided conflict for decades. HAMAS is the most extreme rebel group of this vast population of over 2 million, half of which is made up of children notably. It is easy to understand what happened to a lot of their healthy adult population. HAMAS isn't Palestine. Yet Israel's response to the recent HAMAS attack, is to cut off aide and electricity for an entire population. The response is disproportional, as it always is in this conflict, because only one side has any systemic power to make any change in the dynamic. Israel decides to use the HAMAS attack to slaughter Palestinians indiscriminately, backed and funded by America, and armed with one of the most advanced militaries in the history of the world. And HAMAS is a rebel group of an incredibly oppressed people, armed with whatever they've been able to steal from Israelis or snuck in from other countries. Tons of Israelis and Jews speak out against the crimes of Israel against the Palestinians. Nobody wants babies to be slaughtered, and that's why leftists have warned for quite some time that violence will continue brewing as long as Israel continues their systemic violence, and America continues to help obfuscate and fund it. Of course you're correct, one can  understand the situation and also appreciate an interesting comment. But saying Israeli babies have been beheaded in a recent HAMAS attack, does not remove any of that context, and it does not seem like understanding the situation at all. The reason leftists all around the world have been begging people to pay attention to this, is because they want to stop future and ongoing violence, the countless deaths of innocent people on both sides. But it's not propaganda to say this conflict has been one-sided for a long time. It's propaganda to act like it hasnt been. You don't just get to say "let's not forget Israelis are being beheaded," now, at this point, when given previous context. Babies being beheaded is certainly a viscerally shocking thing to hear. But for that very reason, it's safe to be a little skeptical immediately, until you're able to get some of that cross-referenced. And try to understand that America, empire of the globe, has a vested interest in making Israel look like a good guy all the time, and they have the resources to help shape hundreds of millions of people's opinions on topics like these.
This guide is only until 2020.
I'm gonna say based on the context OP meant that in this picture the dead Israelis mostly represent the military and dead Palestinians civilians. Not about recent attacks.
That's probably going change soon eith the Israeli counter attack...
an thats still not even more civilians than israel has killed today.
[deleted]
I was a Palestinian sympathizer until 2 days ago. They just destroyed the good will much of the neutral world had for them.
I am sorry for innocents that died and are still dying, who had nothing to do with but r/badplacebadtime

600 is nothing in front of how many have been killed by israel & since every adult israeli must serve in the military not a single isreali can be counted as a civilian, unless they didn't serve because of disability or sth, tourists & under 18 sure but not most adults.
As you see this stat is until 2020 , this graph appear even in other subs, I think is some propaganda, becouse you can't drop a stat like this after events still going on and not to think about propaganda ( old stats till 2020 ,check bottom of the pictures, all propaganda.. ) terrorist will be punished by all the world. This will be war on terror 2.0
And even with the violence committed yesterday, its only just meeting the number of Palestinians killed by the IDF this year alone.
It's actually over a thousand and if my sources are correct it's the tip of the iceberg
Almost up to 10% of Palestinian dead, horrible
Its almost as if this infographic ends at the year 2020
They never killed Israeli this much before.
Like Hamas says, they must be really like "That's enough."
We are used to hear Israeli killing hundreds of Palestinian civilian in a day often but  it's first time for Hamas to attack this much mf civilian in a day. 

I hope both side stop killing civilians.
And if you're wondering why, just consult this cool guide.
Lol do you think this conflict started a couple days ago? Everything happening now is the result of Israel's actions in Palestine
Collective punishment is a war crime, I don’t see full residential buildings being demolished on the Israeli side. I didn’t reference Hamas, way to pivot the conversation to your bias point of view.
Rare sane voice on this topic.
You sound reasonable
And if they could get away with it, Israel would wipe out every single Palestinian and take the land. Shit people on both sides.
Most sane redditor right here 🤡
I think there is a difference between terrorists and the regular people. Terrorists who derive authority on the basis of ethnic affiliation in one group does not render the regular people responsible for their actions.

And yet, regular people will be harmed or killed as a result. This has been the history of the region and it shall continue to be its legacy.

Unless Israel is omniscient they won’t be able to identify all of the Hamas terrorists. They’d have to go door to door and either kill everyone or imprison everyone including women and children, young and old. And, even if they were to do so, if they release anyone they’d likely still not be satisfied the threat is no longer present. 

This whole conflict needs an entire shift of perspective. The only answer from either side seems to be that the other side either all dies or they exit the country. The best solution is one that would lead to peace between the two groups, living as friends and family as we all truly are, sharing the land and the holy places in good faith. But we are far from seeing that.
So Israel is just blameless in all of this?
Didn't polling show that fatah was more ideologically popular?
Just adding that with Hamas in control any news or elections surrounding the government would be about as reliable as those in North Korea. You have a whole lot of rhetoric and propaganda that doesn't represent anything outside of whatever Hamas wants you to know/believe. Similar to Russian elections.
They basically imprisoned their last legally appointed representative from the Fatah.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yasser_Arafat

"In late 2004, after effectively being confined within his Ramallah compound for over two years by the Israeli army, Arafat fell into a coma and died."

Why go along with a sham after they do something like this?
the average age of palestinians is 19. most people couldn’t even vote
Regarding the celebrations. I doubt you would, when you and your family are well within their grasp, protest against a terrorist group known for assaulting and slaughtering civilians. There's a ton of dipshits who support them, no doubt, but I wouldn't put much stock in the West Bank celebrations.
So was putin.....
They didn't win on ideology did they?  I thought that living under the plo shittiness and corruption was the thing that got them in.
Source?
All Brits are torie brexiters and all Americans between 2016-2020 were trump supporters too, right? 

Do you genuinely hear “terrorist group gains popularity among oppressed minority” and think “we should definitely air strike them all”? Are you aware that populations are not monoliths?
So you’re saying that Hamas is the better leadership option in the region?

People like you are a literal joke to the modern world.
[deleted]
Hamas WAS voted in by Palestinians though.... so they aren't that separate.
Palestinians wanted and chose them to lead 🤷‍♀️
[deleted]
Palestine foments terrorism. Nothing more needs to be said.
No its not.  You are a bad faith arguer and do nothing but twist things to fit your view.
Except in this analogy, both parties have reasonable claim to the property, and it can't be defined as one person's home.
It was more like a split house. And you know maybe yea. Considering what the alternative has done for them
LOL. You're right. None of that stuff happened. Give me a break.
[deleted]
How about don't rape innocent tourists and then parade their body through the streets?

Rape and murder of soft civilian targets is terrorism, not righteous rebellion. Hamas chose to kill innocents, not just IDF.

Let us pretend that there wasn't an iron dome. How many innocent Israelis would palastiens rockets have killed at this point? 

Both Hamas and the IDF are horrible. But to go around saying that they had no choice? What kind of lame execuse is that. There is always a choice not rape innocent girls and kidnap people from music festivals. MLK didn't say "I have a dream that one day my kids will rape and kill white people at music festivals". 

Palastiens International support will waver because of this attack. And it is entirely their fault. It was also their fault when thye rejected multiple 2 state solutions. Palestine is not an innocent moral actor. I hope the IDF spares them, but they won't. Israel is not a moral actor either.
Saying stop launching missiles at civilians and advocating for the death and destruction of everyone is not the same as saying do nothing and die. If this is a war then attack valid military targets, exhaust every other opportunity, build other kinds of support.

If you believe this is the only choice of the people of Palestine then you believe the people of Palestine are doomed to complete destruction, because these actions have an opposite effect of peace and the creation of a recognised Palestinian state.
Why are you religious nut jobs so violent? Give me a reason. I order you to.

If you don't, Jesus won't like it.
And allow me to take as many lands as I please lol
At least in the UK it’s always on the news whenever there’s a flare up. ‘Carrying out several genocides’ is a mad sentence 😂 - since you mention it I have to ask, as no one’s been able to explain the following questions:

If Israel has been committing genocide in the past decades, why is the graph of the population of Gaza during that time an unbroken, uninterrupted line going straight up and to the right? When you look at other genocides like Rwanda or European Jewry in WW2, there is a very striking dip in the graph. It suggests there has not been a genocide in Gaza.  

Also, people have said that Gaza is under a blockade and Israel stops food coming in. If that was true, how would Gazans have survived since 2005, let alone grown their population?
I'll be messaging you my favourite videos of Palestinians getting turned to dog meat 🍖 

I've saved your name so my alt accounts can send you the best ones.
Never said all muslims are they same
Go to your own promised land
STOP MAKING ME KILL KIDS. IT's YOUR FAULT I BOMBED THAT HOSPITAL

The fact that this dogshit excuse is even entertained is a gross indictment of how pro-Israel western media is, and how much it completely reverses who the true aggressors are.
Weird. It's as if the Palestinians and Israelis have been in war for...a long time...odd. Tell me you have zero understanding of world history so we can move on with our lives lol
And bulldozing peoples homes without leaving them anyplace to live. 

And cutting off food, aid, water, and electricity to gaza for months at a time.

And subjecting Palestinian citizens to routine, daily humiliations.

&#x200B;

People talking about this like a war between equals that has been going on for hundreds of years are out of their mind.
[ Removed by Reddit ]
[deleted]
I am not justifying how Israel responds to security matters. That has driven me away from Zionism. The far right lunatics in the Knesset weee doing to Zionism what the Arab world couldn’t do since 1948. Now Hamas has united a recently collapsing nation.
They are doing to Zionism what the Arab world failed to do since 1948. But now, the Jews in Israel and in the diaspora are United firmly behind Israel. The far right was destroying Zionism from the inside out. Hamas shot themselves in the balls. And the Palestinians of Gaza will pay the highest price.
If Hamas will not remove the stated purpose of eliminating Jews from their homeland by violence from their charter, then they bear a great deal of the responsibility for the suffering of their own people.I was a Zionist disgusted with the political situation in Israel. My ideals, going back to 1967 , was peaceful coexistence . That ideal died this year. But yesterday, my Zionism was reborn. Never interrupt your enemy when they are making a mistake. Hamas did just that
>divide up your land

So who's land was it?

Before Israel came about, the land was owned by Britain, and before that, it was the Ottoman Empire, which... no longer exists.
LOL I knew my numbers looked funky but its been a long day lol. Thanks for the correction!
Indeed the "teacher" here - the UN - did. And the Israelis accepted that plan in 1947, which included placing Jerusalem under international jurisdiction, and making for a far tinier, strategically hard to defend Israel. They were willing to bite that bullet. The Arabs did not, which lead to the first war.
Bingo
Do you actually think you're making a point?
And then invaded
Most of you have heard about the case only this year 
For decades, Israel has been killing and bombing homes, carrying out several genocides, gradually seizing land, exterminating several towns and villages, and thousands of Palestinian families who have literally been wiped out of the civil registry. 
All this is under a media blackout supported by America, why didn't anyone talk about this? 
Every year we see several children or what remains of them buried every year at least hundreds of funerals, and most of the time there is no funeral, but a mass burial because the graves are full and mortuary refrigerators
That’s purely hypothetical though and a real cop out when it comes to dealing with genocidal behavior. If this were WW2 you’d be saying “Jews would do the same thing to Germans if they ever had a chance”
They probably would, and we would be on the other side now. But the situation is the way it is, and a hypothetical should not preclude us from voicing an opinion on unjust situation.
Most of you have heard about the case only this year 
For decades, Israel has been killing and bombing homes, carrying out several genocides, gradually seizing land, exterminating several towns and villages, and thousands of Palestinian families who have literally been wiped out of the civil registry. 
All this is under a media blackout supported by America, why didn't anyone talk about this? 
Every year we see several children or what remains of them buried every year at least hundreds of funerals, and most of the time there is no funeral, but a mass burial because the graves are full and mortuary refrigerators
Stop hypocrisy and lies while you don't know anything
This is pathetic. Be ashamed.
Most of you have heard about the case only this year 
For decades, Israel has been killing and bombing homes, carrying out several genocides, gradually seizing land, exterminating several towns and villages, and thousands of Palestinian families who have literally been wiped out of the civil registry. 
All this is under a media blackout supported by America, why didn't anyone talk about this? 
Every year we see several children or what remains of them buried every year at least hundreds of funerals, and most of the time there is no funeral, but a mass burial because the graves are full and mortuary refrigerators
Disgusting hypocrite
OK, but Hamas is raping women and children civilians so....
personally i wouldnt do all the kidnapping and raping
Good thing you’re cheering on the rape and murder of the bad guys, otherwise you might be someone cheering on rape and murder… oh wait
I think the Israeli and non-Israeli civilians murdered, raped, kidnapped are pretty sympathetic victims in this.  I believe my post referred to them.  You can cite all the cases of IDF rape and torture if you have them.  Moreover, suggesting raping and torturing innocent civilians is justifiable in anyway is absolutely asinine.  Murdered 260 people at a music festival - not all even Israeli.  You say that’s justified?  I say it is unjustifiable in all instances.  You’re so lost.  You can support the Palestinian people and their claims without supporting a terrorist organization, Hamas, raping and murdering innocent civilians.  Moreover, Hamas could have invaded exactly the same way they did WITHOUT RAPE AND MURDER.  In what way does that achieve their goals?  If you allege “revenge” you’re advocating retaliation against innocent people to punish the IDF? I cannot and do not support such inhumanity - nor do I believe such actions will ever aid in achieving a political or societal goal of a populace. I really hope for your sake you are never in the wrong place at the wrong time and find yourself, an innocent civilian, or your family raped or murdered for no reason other than barbarianism.
Your lies don't matter anymore. You threw away anything you'd gained with them over the last two days, and now they're irrelevant.
No they don’t call for the eradication of all Jews. Meanwhile the Israelis are actively participating in the eradication of all Palestinians. You have no evidence of rape, Israel regularly kills women and children. Regularly. Are doing it right now, and planning how to do it on a larger scale right now. 

Israel’s theft and displacement of Palestinians, their blockade, their bombings that are watched in glee by Israeli citizens, their regular shooting of civilians, and their regular violent raids into Palestine are the terrorism. 

Who is causing the other to live in terror? Who is the one that started the conflict? Who is the one that regularly continues to steal?
Hamas does not call for genocide, not true.
When did they rape? You are making shit up. Yeah resistance involves killing those who kill you
Yeah, still not a rapist parading civilian corpses around.

You do you though.
Cool, so by your logic — whatever I *would* do in any given situation is justifiable morally and logically. Sounds wonderful

Reddit’s intellectual heavyweights are out en mass tonight ladies and gents. Wowee
And if you want violence to stop, it needs to be the people who resorted to violence from the beginning. Because even if the other party who is retaliating decides to stop the violence, they still have to put up with the offensive violence thrown at them, and then the cycle continues anew.
Yup, us modern folks have never seen the cruelty and violence of the Assyrians, masters of genocide. Or the Yamna, the first "Mongolian" invasion of the Old Europe.
Please justify firing 5000 rockets unprovoked. Please also provide justification of the rape and murder that is being paraded on twitter and other social media.

We will talk about ancient history later, but what have you learned from recent history? Since 1967 we know the palestinians attack Israel and Israel retaliates. So who needs to learn what? Is it not obvious that if the Palestinians are looking for peace, then they need to stop such attacks?

Why are only Palestinian lives important? Can you explain why Israeli lives are expendable?
Cool story, still a crime.
Palestine could’ve had their independence 70 years ago and many times since then. At every opportunity they have rejected any two state solution in favor of dreams about eradicating the Jews and Israel altogether.
They are savages and terrorists. Every one of them would kill me and my family if given the opportunity and freedom from reprocussion. Violence is their way of live
Kinda strange how you left out the fact that Palestine rejected literally every peace proposal in favor of starting multiple wars
You mean after they warned Palestinians what buildings were being targeted so they could leave?
They found like 250 bodies in a killing field.
ok Fair point but I remember learning about the trail of tears in school.
I think you are misunderstanding the statement. There has never been a lapse in continuity of a small or large jewish population living in the region nor is a justification for the claim of land. It is simply saying that The narrative of colonizer vs native in this context is built on fallacy and has no ground do stand on.
Oh my god, the Nazis have taken over Reddit.
Isreal is just great defending against all the hamas. See this I think we might all just say we are hamas. 
https://youtube.com/shorts/cGz0TzC2zTE?si=78xYn6ARrPt2Y9Be
https://youtube.com/shorts/cGz0TzC2zTE?si=n7znNB-WHG_4cOLu
https://youtu.be/xMYcMzV71rQ?si=adgPpGgdpJRzeibo
https://youtu.be/go1fJ1mV-n4?si=EWs-IcPQB87jAP95
https://youtu.be/clh-v_LChoA?si=PvHjOhccvN3r2CPq
https://youtube.com/shorts/_G8mBbzKXfI?si=Pmsklh6haximZQe8
Yeah, dude, they do that.

That's why the numbers of injured in Palestine is higher.

Oh my fuckin, you're all fuckin' nazis at this point. HOLY SHIT.
Would you look at that, all of the words in your comment are in alphabetical order.

I have checked 1,786,675,353 comments, and only 338,184 of them were in alphabetical order.
Dude cmon - https://unwatch.org/un-teachers-call-to-murder-jews-reveals-new-report/
Nah just the truth
Present tense?
I would not. 
Source: I am Jewish.
“It says here in this history book that luckily, the good guys have won every single time. What are the odds?”
No, because I also have values that conflict with the violent and repressive ideology of the Nazis, that’s not just me having the values of the side that won because they won. There are plenty of wars that were won by the bad side that most people recognize as having been the bad side, like the European conquests of Africa, or the Islamic revolution in Iran, or the Mexican-American war.
BMW literally had to start from scratch after the war, only making pots, pans and bicycles at the beginning.
The Israeli military could annihilate Palestine in a week if they wanted to.. they wake up every day and decide not to do that..

Meanwhile, hamas has in their charter that they want to kill all jews in Isreal.
No they haven’t. Because if they wanted to do exterminate Palestine the would have done it a long time ago.

Alternatively, if Palestine had the capability to destroy every Jew in Israel, they 100% would have. Hope that helps.
"state" of israel
Raping and murdering innocent women is never a victory. Killing children is never a victory.
>the Palestinians have not committed any atrocity that the Israelis have not committed against them before.

Even if this is true (and I do not presume to have an opinion on this), then what?

World opinion will swing in favour of the Palestinians because of the attack?

The Israeli government will abandon its hard line towards Hamas?

or realistically

there will be more countless innocent victims on both sides.
Celebrated?  They're going to be annihilated.  It's beyond foolish to think their small victory of kidnapping random civilians is going to achieve them anything other than total destruction.  

If the goal of the Palestinians was to avoid escalating atrocities, they have failed to an incalculable extent.  You can feel that the Palestinians are the "good guys" or "freedom fighters" or whatever, but they are going to be plowed into rubble and swept into the dustbin of history.  

Detach your emotion from this situation and see the future instead of the past and you will know how utterly fucked they are because of this.
> the Palestinians have not committed any atrocity that the Israelis have not committed against them before.

I see. The old "they did it first" argument. Always holds up so well.
Replace "administration" with "rulers" then.  I don't care what they do, it's a war: they can settle their political disagreements the old fashioned way.
You need to learn more about Israel. It is neither “apartheid” nor “ethnically cleansed”. Using this language reduces the horrors of real apartheid and ethnic cleansing happening around the world both historically and presently. If you go to Israel, you see different races living together - Muslims, Christians, Jews, etc. serve together in the military. Tel Aviv has a LGBTQ parade every year and has democratic elections. There is a DRAMATIC difference between the two sides and removing the agency of the people of Gaza because they elected (yes, elected) a terrorist regime lays no responsibility on one side of this conflict.
Funny thing about history - It didn’t start in 1967. Israel is a part (a much smaller part) of the ancestral homeland of the Jewish people (1000 bce). A terrorist regime is not the answer, no matter how desperate. The land for peace deal wasn’t violated by Israel btw.
Israel has offered treaties and ceasefires, offers if a 2 state solution on multiple occasions. Their offers have been rejected. I encourage you to do some research, but here you are wrong.
Here they are disguised as refugees: [https://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-29154941](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-29154941)
Nevermind. I am talking to a stupid person. Good day.
My friend's grandma still has the keys to her house you belligerent colonist.
No you are just missing the point. It’s not about whether what Hamas is doing is bad, it obviously is heinous. 

It’s about the fact that Israel has bulldozed over Palestinian's human rights and dignity as people for decades now.   

No one does anything to help. Sure some politicians say some nice things and platitudes in support but no one is willing to intervene.

Sure places will send humanitarian aid every time the conflict heats up and they are already dead and dying with their infrastructure in disrepair. But that’s the extent of it.

Israel’s military spending for the size of the country is absolutely batshit and all the other militaristic countries are so far up their ass no one is ever going to help. 

The point is Israeli’s can commit atrocities all year long you can find dozens of hours worth of footage of them committing varying levels of police and militaristic brutality not far off what Hamas just did and you won’t care.

You only think what Hamas just did is so much worse than what Israel does because the propaganda machine will publicize the fuck out of the atrocities Hamas commits but Israel’s get buried and only people that actually care see them.
Both far right israeli politicians and hamas leaders need the conflict to stay in power.
Wait... is that true?

Please tell me that's true because it will be the funniest thing I've heard this Millenia!

Edit: Everybody responding about how universal health is cheaper, like I don't already know. 

That's why it's so damn funny that the US funds it in other countries but not their own. 

That's the WHOLE joke.
I wish I could go back to before I knew this.
Most sick joke in the world tbh
Pretty sure Israeli healthcare is funded by their own people. And it’s not like they need our money for healthcare either, considering how well domestic matters have been taken care of up to this point by the government.
Its a giant turret that locks on an shoots missiles out of the sky
Which lowers the number of deaths on the Israeli side, what's your point?
Yes, but it only protects one group.
No, that’s an incredible amount of rockets. Without iron dome, you’re talking hundreds of thousands of dead civilians, on purpose, by your heroes, a tactic they’ve used for as long as I can remember. Pure, indiscriminate attacks on civilians. Fuck sakes man, I just watched 5 Palestinian men pull a hostage out of a trunk and throw her into the back seat of an suv, and her crotch is literally soaked in blood. Hamas is not innocent, they’d kill every last Israeli without batting an eye, even innocent concert goers…
Obviously that court martial should result in the same consequences or worse than shooting a kid as a civilian, as it is a war crime. I obviously didn't mean "Court martial them, tell them they're a bad boy and send them back to their post".
Ha! When your religion says "kill all jews" its no longer a religion IMO. 

Jerusalem is a city located in modern-day Israel and is considered by many to be one of the holiest places in the world. Jerusalem is a site of major significance for the three largest monotheistic religions: Judaism, Islam and Christianity, and both Israel and Palestine have claimed Jerusalem as a capital city. Because of these strong, age-old associations, bloody conflicts to control the city and sites within it have been waged for thousands of years.

Early History of Jerusalem
Scholars believe the first human settlements in Jerusalem took place during the Early Bronze Age—somewhere around 3500 B.C.

In 1000 B.C., King David conquered Jerusalem and made it the capital of the Jewish kingdom. His son, Solomon, built the first holy Temple about 40 years later.

The Babylonians occupied Jerusalem in 586 B.C., destroyed the Temple, and sent the Jews into exile. About 50 years after that, the Persian King Cyrus allowed Jews to return to Jerusalem and rebuild the Temple.

Alexander the Great took control of Jerusalem in 332 B.C. Over the next several hundred years, the city was conquered and ruled by different groups, including the Romans, Persians, Arabs, Fatimids, Seljuk Turks, Crusaders, Egyptians, Mamelukes and Islamists.

Some key events with religious implications that took place in Jerusalem during this period include:

In 37 B.C., King Herod restructured the second Temple and added retaining walls to it.
Jesus was crucified in the city of Jerusalem around A.D. 30.
The Romans destroyed the second Temple in A.D. 70.
In A.D. 632, Muhammad, the Islamic prophet, died and was said to have ascended to heaven from Jerusalem.
Many European Christians started pilgrimages to Jerusalem in the 1st century A.D. From about 1099 to 1187, Christian crusaders occupied Jerusalem and deemed the city a major religious site.
Hamas is an internationally recognised terrorist organization. One of their primary directives is the eradication of all jews. Their main means of attacking Israel has been launching unguided rockets at civilian population centers and sending suicide bombers into Israeli cities to kill civlians. They are unequivacally evil. The IDF sometimes operates without regard for Palestinian civilians, Hamas always operates with the goal of killing Israeli civilians.
It’s literally in the Hamas charter that they want to eradicate all Jews. Hamas was democratically voted into power.
Yeah Israel famously only kills combatants
“combatants only” LMAO. Take a step back and reach out to some unbiased sources
That only works when you aim for combatants only, also, you miss the part about yield? Even without the iron dome, civilian deaths would be disproportionate, Using bombs big enough to level entire apartment building isn’t taking out combatants only, it’s indiscriminately destroying entire areas that *may* contain combatants. You need to open your eyes and realize Israel is the group that has killed *several* thousand Palestinians. I don’t condone their methods, but I do acknowledge that their incapable of fighting conventionally against a nation with one of the largest and most powerful militaries in the world, so unless they do a trade in program for unguided weapons to precision weapons, you can’t really complain that that’s what they’re using, especially when Israel with their more advanced weapons is even better at indiscriminately killing
Take your earlier advice and watch the news mate, pretty sure I saw Israel bombing homes with guided missiles.
ahh yes the guided missiles only kill combatants take lol. the chart on this very post proves you wrong.
Just admit Israel isn't a victim. Jesus christ.
Yeah because allllll those Palestinian injuries and deaths are civilians. Jesus Christ could you spread any worse misinformation??
You are spitting facts but is getting down voted by these Terrorist sympathizers, wish I have the power to teleport them to any Isreali city first and then to Gaza afterwards, for a once in a lifetime lesson to reality😉
According to B'tselem's calculations (2021), some 2,171 Palestinian children have been killed in the last two decades by Israeli military actions

From the conflicts wiki.
Funny how much harder it is to get that 500 lb bomb in range of people you want to kill.
It's my understanding that the vast majority of explosive ordinance Hamas has access to are basically among the smallest payload/range you can still call mortars or rockets, while Israel has more or less modern military systems running at full capacity all the time. Is this not the case?
The biggest variant of the most common rocket they have has a 20 kilogram warhead, less than 1/10th of a mk 82 bombs yield. The absolute biggest they have access to is 90kg. So what your saying is completely irrelevant because they don’t have rockets anywhere near that yield. Also, Israel’s fighter ordnance goes up to 2,000lbs.
Dude, he was answering the question "why is there such a huge difference?"

That's the answer. It wasn't a question of morality, and the answer gave no moral judgements. They have fewer deaths because they have a more effective military.
They use unguided rockets because they don’t have anything else, Israel does, unless somebody does a fucking trade in program with them for guided weapons, you can’t complain that they use them.
What part of I’m not picking sides did you have trouble understanding? Not my cows, not my pasture.
"if i dont steal your home someone else will"

is a perfect encapsulation of israel's stance in all of this.

they have total power, they have zero compassion, they want everything, they are willing to use force to have it, and they will employ flimsy transparent excuses to justify it
[here ya go](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deir_Yassin_massacre)

[and another](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tantura_massacre)

[Israel bulldozing a school on Palestinian land](https://reddit.com/r/israelexposed/s/3ZhDPJgmn1)

[disgusting](https://reddit.com/r/israelexposed/s/5Yrmn8r2Gg)

[Stop saying this is unprovoked](https://reddit.com/r/israelexposed/s/xqUlHIBbS3)

[Israel is an apartheid ethnostate](https://reddit.com/r/israelexposed/s/3zR0xIfT5K)

[I could post more but my thumbs are getting sore](https://reddit.com/r/israelexposed/s/CVHO42s7MK)
Violence is the language of the unheard.

https://www.hrw.org/news/2017/06/04/israel-50-years-occupation-abuses

https://theintercept.com/2021/12/09/israel-attacks-gaza-palestine-civilians-killed/

https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2023/06/israel-opt-civilian-deaths-and-extensive-destruction-in-latest-gaza-offensive-highlight-human-toll-of-apartheid/

https://www.ochaopt.org/data/casualties
The pattern of Israeli-aparthied forces killing hundreds of civilians to kill one fighter?
Actually many of us see behind the veil at the Nazi dog whistles y’all are using.
In comparison to the tech and weaponry Israel has at their disposal, unguided rockets are pretty primitive. They used paragliders in these recent attacks, not F-16s. Is it hard to understand that the resource gap is a contributing factor to what is represented in the graph, that is what I was commenting on.
In most cultures, men protect the children, not the other way around. Palestine isn't most cultures.
You do know that Israel specifically calls ahead and uses roof knocking to minimize those casualties right?
Wow good job America stopping something like the current series of massacres from happening sooner.
Oh yes, so much foreign aid. In fact it equals a whopping 1.5% of the Israeli GDP...

Yeah although much appreciated, we'd still be able to take care of ourselves without the aid.

And the most foreign military aid? Afghanistan has the most. And after Israel is Jordan and Egypt who although currently in good relations, are still historically enemy states. Not only that, but together they are given more than Israel is. Let's not forget Syria and Lebanon which also get around half our aid.


Apartheid means treating citizens differently depending on their race or other classification, that is not the case in Israel. We do not have sovereignty over Gaza so we are not expected to treat them like citizens. Meanwhile we have many Israeli Palestinians, in fact 2m of them. Who are treated equal to Jews. So to call Israel an apartheid state is false.
This is because they could easily "win" and wipe them out completely if that was their goal.
Yep, crazy how israel has the power to easily crush palestine and just hasn't. Meanwhile hamas tries at every turn to go for the complete genocide of jews and rejects two state peace plans because theyd prefer to just kill all jews instead.
And yet those stupid fucks keep going back for more lmfao. Say what you will about their political situation but it's hard to fault Israel for responding with the weapons they have. If those stupid fuckers want to keep throwing stones and whine when Israel responds with modern weapons, that's on them lol
Yep, Palestinians are pretty much going to get the Armenian treatment from Israel and nobody is going to do anything to stop it.
The difference is that Israel doesn't purposely target civilians. Civilians get caught up in attacks as collateral for sure but they dont explicitly go "im going to destroy this hospital because fuck palestine". They even are still doing knocks today to warn residents despite the brimming rage you can feel in israel. To try to equate the two is ridiculous. Yes israels done some fucked up stuff, yes there should be a free palestine, but hamas indiscriminately killing, raping, parading, and kidnapping civilians is not the path forward to that. At this point the only thing hamas has proven is that the only way for peace in the middle east to even have a 1% chance, step 1 begins with removing hamas from any form of power in palestine.
There’s one of the biggest issues I have with this. Hamas stops attacking civilians, and Israel ignores them. They kill over a thousand in one night and take hostages, they’re going to get bombed even farther into the Stone Age. 
Israel wins the war, they stop bombing Palestine. 
Hamas somehow manages to win the war, they kill every single Jew they can get their hands on. 
One of these things is not like the other.
There is no symmetry in the equation though. Israel is military power backed by the United States. Hamas organizes with scraps. Treating these "sides" as equal is a wonderful favor to the Israeli colonial narrative.
Hamas is a terrorist organisation. Fuck them. Palestine is the country. Civilians are the the ones who are going to suffer.

People claim they're all extremists because Hamas won an election. Was it a fair election? By definition democracy is not something Palestine values.
Fueled by Arab states and terrorist Palestinian militias. You can't expect Israel to do nothing in the face of invasions and terrorist activities. All those things have done is fuel the right wing in Israel, and have achieved nothing for the Palestinian people. There is and there has been for a long time, from the side of the Palestinian leaders, a lack of foresight lack of desire and action to better the Palestinian people's situation. Their entire strategy seems to be terrorism. Israel's reaction to this throughout the years has been mostly reasonable.
The difference is that Palestinians and the Sephardic Jews are of the same ancestry. Palestinians are largely the ancestors of Jews who converted to Islam during the Muslim conquests and subsequent empires. Both sides are actually the same people, genetically.

This is more like the Apache vs the Comanche than the Native Americans vs the Europeans.
as long as you leave a few, it's not genocide
The Arab states when they attacked Israel upon it's inception created that situation. Palestinian terrorist attacks throughout the years help maintain and justify it.
Yes unfortunately they are hostage to terrorists.
Trying to go over the border fence, with the history of Hamas, is not peaceful protest.
Israel’s children kill counter is MUCH higher. 

Complete Surrender and subjugation of an invading nation is always an option. Some would call you a coward though.

Should Ukraine stop fighting too?
Most middle eastern counties aren't capable of handling millions of refugees.
Because Israel has the support of the largest military on earth and would just blow them up if they ever collaborated, idk why you think countries are some indication of morality, none of them are going to go against their own interests
Why don't the civilians evacuate these hospitals and apartment buildings if they know a strike is coming?
I don't know how it would go down today if palestinians had the possibility, but arabs back during the creation of Israel clearly never intended to allow Israel yo exist.
Israel withdrew from Gaza and abandoned its settlements there in 2005. In 2006 Gaza elected Hamas.
You really out here pretending most Islamic countries in the middle east don’t wish death to the jewish people and Israel and would not attack and wipe then off the earth if they thought they could get away with it? The feigned denialism of literally Hamas’ stated charter let alone the rest of the organizations is so infuriating
Their stated goal since the beginning has been the obliteration of Israel. I’m not saying Israel is blameless or innocent, they’ve committed atrocities. But I don’t know how they can negotiate with people whose stated goal is genocide. There’s nothing edit: Israel can do to change it, as long as they exist, they’re in the wrong, according to Hamas.
They already hated the Jews long before the creation of Israel. They were the one opposed to the 1948 UN accord and declared war. They always opposed peace deal, it's not solely on Israel.
Maybe instead of buying rockets with foreign aid, they should build more schools and hospitals like Israel does.
Hamas extremist: creates home made rockets. Goes to his rooftop. Shoots rockets into Israeli cities. Rockets get shot down. 

Israel: roof knocks. Rockets destroy house few minutes later.

Hamas extremist: surprise pikachu face. 

Palestine sympathizers: why would Israel indiscriminately destroy those poor Palestinians homes?!?!

Maybe stop shooting rockets into Israel from civilian buildings. You think the IDF likes killing Muslims the same way Islamic Extremists do when they went on this holy war ravaging, raping and killing Israeli civilians on tape this weekend? 

I, as an infidel foreigner, have a better chance of survival in a room with IDF soldiers than in a room with Hamas soldiers.
They’ve been unwilling well before Israel even formally existed.
Do you think all the other countries in the Middle East are willing to let all the Jews return to thir cities that were ethnically cleansed from?

The answer is still no
[deleted]
And the US was stolen from the Native Americans by the British, should they start killing 600 plus people at music festivals?

No one alive today was there when the British gave that land to the Jews. Using the colonization argument as justification for slaughtering and raping civilians, INCLUDING foreigners who have nothing to do with the whole thing, is chronic idiocy
And it's 75 years later and the Israeli kids fighting in the IDF are mostly natural born citizens fighting for the land they were born on. 

At a certain point, you either cut your losses or you keep fighting like you're determined to go down, in which case, don't be surprised when the response isn't "Oh shucks, sorry, you cared so much about this that you raped my sister and bombed the elementary school, suppose I'll let you have the land then". The response is going to be fire and brimstone until one side "wins". Which state is going to survive and become the one-state solution isn't going to have the best betting odds either.
Do you, or do you not, believe that raping and killing a woman before parading her mutilated body around for people to spit on is an evil thing to do?
No, which is exactly my point. Israel kills unarmed women and children and claims they're Hamas militants
What?! The. Fuck.

Where the hell did you learn history, a cereal box ???

no i don't, the land belongs to people not to certain religions,even if the claim that it used to belong to Jewish people thousands of years ago is true (mostly if you take holy books as evidence that is), that still doesn't change anything.

most Palestinians have lived there for thousands of years, a part of them were Jewish at some point in the distant past but have converted over the years.

that doesn't give the current zionist regime any right to the land that people have been living in for tens of hundreds of generations. and it certainly doesn't give them the right to murder and steal their way into the land.

also, an important thing to note about your comment, muslims didn't "steal jewish land", the region was controlled by the Byzantine empire when muslims took control.
Who should be the intermediary? I am being entirely serious here. 

Israel is currently in a very emotionally volatile mood, as far as civilians go. Even if they weren't, their leader is a far right asshole who has been up to his eyeballs in corruption, his faction has seemingly no interest in fixing the problem, and the ongoing settlement issues and treatment of Palestinian people do not make them the right choice the fix the issue, not least of which because they have failed to fix the problem for nearly a century, and at times exacerbated it. 

Palestine should not lead the effort for this for obvious reasons. Similarly, I would be skeptical of any of the surrounding Muslim nations and their ability to mediate the situation in a way which begins to fix the problem. 

The US is fraught as an option, because there is a massive strain of support for Israel, and their own historical crimes. I suggest it only because they are the nation with the military, the willingness to play the interventionism game, and would probably be able to pull it off, albeit not in an unbiased manner.

The UN could plausibly be less biased, but Israel may have doubts about their ability to keep Israel safe. 

Even if Russia weren't biased towards Palestine, given Ukraine they clearly don't have the ability to protect Israel if the Middle East powder keg blows.

India might be a choice, but their relationship with Pakistan makes their potential neutrality dubious. 

China is a very real possibility. They are trying to position themselves as a growing superpower in counterbalance to the US, and if they see themselves as a superpower, that means a diplomatic responsibility to weigh in on world events. Their military is decidedly untested which is an iffy factor, but peace in that region would be aligned with Chinese interests, especially if they can kick off Belt and Road more easily. Besides that, to my knowledge they don't really have a dog in that fight, nor do they have a history of meddling in that region. 

But that is the big question there. The Palestine problem needs to be dealt with, and neither of the involved players are willing or able to solve it in a satisfactory way. So who among the major powers could plausibly weigh in, but do not have any problems, or bias?
Safe harbor ? Arent israeli jewish the same people who have made palestinian life a living hell? Have you see the restrictions imposed on them?
So Hamas is responsible for all the killing by the Zionist movement decades before they even came into existence?  Do you rent out your time machine, because if you do, I'd like to borrow it.
> proof or STFU.

Do you know how to use a search engine?  There are literally thousands of articles covering this going back decades.

https://www.theguardian.com/world/2023/jun/19/us-deeply-troubled-as-israel-plans-to-approve-thousands-of-homes-in-west-bank
https://www.worldbulletin.net/palestine/israel-levels-nine-palestinian-homes-in-west-bank-h142838.html
https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2023/6/26/israel-approves-plans-for-thousands-of-illegal-settlement-homes
[check this poor kid ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faris_Odeh) is irrelevant how old is it, the conflict has been non stop. 

You said Hamas invaded Israel, just like Israel has been invading Palestinians. Same shit buddy. 

[even a former Mossad chief says so ](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2023/sep/06/israel-imposing-apartheid-on-palestinians-says-former-mossad-chief)
big difference being Ukraine's defence was clearly not futile.
The situation is not totally clear in Ukraine yet, let's what happens in a few years. But in general yes, I think martyrdom for a lost cause is stupid.

Fighting has only made things worse. I'm not advocating for surrender. Not doing acts of terror is not surrender.
The situation is very different. With every attack the apetite of the US for war in Afganistan diminished. In Israel it's the opposite.
A fair war is one that will never end.
How are they the aggressor? Do you even know the history of this conflict…
>Israel is occupying Palestinian land and running their own police state.  

A sentence that will go in one ear and out the other for 90% of redditors
Gaza hasn’t been occupied for over 20 years.
What propaganda? They even manage to kill other Palestinians with their rockets

>Hamas authorities should stop trying to justify unlawful rocket attacks that indiscriminately kill and injure civilians by pointing to Israel's violations," Eric Goldstein, HRW acting Middle East and North Africa director, said. "The laws of war are meant to protect all civilians from harm." The report says Palestinian rockets and mortars which misfired killed and injured an undetermined number of people in Gaza. It said one misfire above the city of Jabalya which it investigated killed seven civilians and injured 15.

Scource: Human rights watch

Edit: quote wouldn't fit together, fixed
Yeah plenty, you're free to look at my post history. I make maps mostly for fun. I'm a political person is all.
Now it’s full of completely illegible color schemes
Yes. My point is Israelis generally do the work of simping for the state of Israel for free, because the right wing propaganda won over there.
Americans tend to not like when their people get killed in other countries. Hamas killing and kidnapping multiple foreigners including Americans, Germans, etc, will not garner sympathy from the West.
No it hasn't. After this attack, even less sympathy
Even if that’s true it’s definitely not after this. Hamas with the own goal.
That will probably take a dip now
It has not
Suspect that trend will reverse
Well, that's pretty much over after this attack.

Military resistance? Ok. But slaughtering 200+ civilians at a music festival for peace? Western society generally isn't a fan, especially when there are numerous dead foreigners among the victims.

The killed woman on the pickup truck (they brought to Gaza and people spat on her corpse) was for example a German. The German government as announced to "review" all aid to Palestine now. (Not that Hamas cares about that.)
Only among muslim countries. People who see all these teroorist acts and celebrating the murder of Children and women are not exactly sympathetic towards Palestinians.
> the state doesn't even need to sponsor online propaganda networks anymore

> opinion among the citizenry of Western countries has been shifting towards sympathy towards the Palestinians in the last few years

Pretty obvi why. There's a reason why Arabic countries rich with oil money might want extremist Islamic groups to win or be viewed favorably
Yes but not anymore rape and public executions stopped that...
Public opinion in Israel on Palestinians has trended downwards for quite a lot longer than a few days, even when things were getting objectively safer in Israel.
This is from polling from the past couple years, despite Israel becoming safer and safer for like a decade the youth still went fascist.
Well, yeah, why not.
Once the youth is behind a fascist movement the work is pretty much done.
[deleted]
One example vs the hundreds of Israeli civilians massacred by savage Palestinian terrorists
[deleted]
Israelis are the original inhabitants not the Arab invaders
[deleted]
Cringe. Killing innocent civilians is wrong and I don’t support it but the Palestinians have seen there homes stolen, families killed and rights taken away. They know that they can’t fight back and are powerless in comparison to the Israel army so they are in complete desperation and taking what they can get to make Israel feel an ounce of the pain they have felt for centuries. They also took hostages for negotiation tactics because again, they are powerless and desperate compared to Israel and take what they can get. 

Again, killing civilians is wrong and should not be supported. (Not to mention Israel rapes and kills Palestinians during the initial overtake of the region)

There is literally a video of a Palestinian grown man walking across the destroyed border wall into Israel and crying with tears down his face upon reminiscing his past life in those streets.
He asked for proof. This is just another statement
Maybe a little too simple. You’re conflating two groups of people. The hamas terrorists don’t equal the Palestinian civilians represented in the chart.
There you go.. as in there’s the reason it’s there
"This isn't beautiful" would be the responses there then, the biggest data subs strangely having wholesomes names isn't OPs fault.
then you'd have the exact same thing play out and people commenting "noThInG bEauTiFuL aBouT iT" and feel really proud of themselves
It's not the type of post you generally see on this sub. There are so many huge communities that you could post this in that would just make way more sense.
Lmao bubba I'm just saying this isn't a "cool" guide. I'm sure you're really really smart though.
western privilege is when you ehm say death statistics aren't cool?
You think Gaza can build the fucking Iron Dome to "protect their citizens" from Israeli airstrikes? I don't think that stuff is getting past the full Israeli blockade. Israel lets so little food into Gaza that children there are [growing up stunted due to malnutrition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockade_of_the_Gaza_Strip#Goods_blocked). They aren't letting state of the art defense systems in there if they won't let them have enough fucking lentils.
They are even now using the hostages as human shields. That can easily drive up numbers. If you are willing to attempt to weaponize the humanity of your opponents against them while launching attacks from your own people you will drive up your own civilian casualties.
Gaza has been under blockade for more than a decade... I'm sure they would prefer to safely provide for their citizens, but unfortunately, Israel is limiting their access to food, water, and medicine and keeping 2 million people trapped in one of the most densely populated parsels of land in the world.
Ok I guess we should just not encourage discussions about massive international incidents if people don't think its cool
Rockets get launched by the Palestinian side, the Israeli iron dome system intercepts them most of the time. If they didn't intercept them the Israeli figures would be much higher.
Not really.

If person A is throwing rocks at person B (which still have a substantial potential to inflict serious bodily harm) and person B takes out a gun and shoots person A, you cannot say that person B is more violent.

Person B is only taking action to defend themself, while person A is the one creating a need for them to defend themself.
Capitalizing "YOU" just makes you seem like an angry little person. You haven't effectively argued any of my points.
“This post says Israel kills and maims more than Palestine does!  I don’t refute these facts but I tell you they are indeed biased against Israel for reasons and an unfair mischaracterization. It’s clearly not the one inflicting the most damage who is more violent.”
>  Calling a simple, observeable statistic propaganda is ironically the definition of propaganda.

Thank you!
Israel created a monster? Palestinians are humans as well. They are responsible for their own actions and to put it on anybody else is an injustice.
Lol I didn't say Israel are the good guys. I said the data displayed has been selected, and shared at a particular time, to paint Hamas' actions of raping and murdering civilians as justified.

But I can see you are far too emotionally invested to discuss this topic objectively.
You've asked about what context is missing from this "cool guide".

The missing context is that the large portion of the bias of the bar chart the guide represented came from relatively minor injuries and of a particular type that comes from clashing with police force.

The data can be interpreted differently if e.g. 100k on one side were maimed due to a rocket hitting their home while they were peacefully asleep, and differently when you consider those 100k took active part in an activity (likely a violent protest) that resulted in a policing force using socially acceptable anti-riot measures.

The hidden bottom of the plot is that over 100k of those injuries represent people who chose to participate in an unrest and were humanely dealt with by the Isrealis. Humanely - because shooting lead bullets works strictly better for dispersing aggressive crowds than rubber ones.
What “actions”?  Israel’s only crime in 1948 was existing, and yet all the Arab nations invaded.

And yes, Israel 100% had the right to exist, just as much as Palestine. The end of the British Mandate left ownership up in the air, and the Jews who already lived there and made up 1/3rd of the population had just as much a right to their own government, as the Palestinians had to theirs.
Gotcha. 

^(Albeit I don't get the 'unlike America' part, since American culture was spread literally all over the world, to the point where many people think that America has no culture, because they absorbed it so much, they don't think of it at something uniquely American.)
If you can make lies with “supporting data” what does that say about the quality or feasibility of your data? Garbage data in, garbage result out.

Can data be cherry picked to support certain points? Yes. Can you identify cherry picked data? Very easily. So it really depends on who’s reading the statistic, if they don’t know how to identify such cases, they might be fooled, but not others.
Please present your data in the fashion you describe. Let’s see how it goes?
Nazi
I don’t know that data off the top of my head, but not including it is a bias of sorts.
It’s height of relevancy is right now. And yet it omits the last several years
Supplying aid to a country being invaded isn’t being the world police.
> and Republicans

Eh, there are plenty of republicans who do not want to aid Ukraine.
Yes so invaded that Israel let them have their own autonomous government and territory. Unless you’re talking about Jordan’s occupation of Palestine from 1948-1967?
you are right. my bad.

so ignore that part.. :)
Just out of curiosity, what is the takeaway message from the chart that was posted?
Facts presented without proper context can be a form of propaganda.
Who stopped talking about it?
Why don't you tell me what is the takeaway one would deduce from looking at this chart? And then tell me why would someone choose to post it right in this exact moment? What do you think the agenda of posting this chart in this moment might actually be?
Just out of curiosity, what is the takeaway from the chart that was posted?
This chart is the source of OPs data and also shows current year data provided by the UN: 

https://www.ochaopt.org/data/casualties#

It's overwhelmingly one-sided. Not defending any courses of action though. It's all both incredibly stupid and pointless destruction.
Which is dumb when the last couple days have greater israeli losses than 87% of the years shown in this graph. Irregardless of agenda-posting accusations, this "cool guide" is already horribly out of date and missing crucial information. I know 2023 isn't over yet, but it's a post that's already as sour as sun-dried milk.

"Durr, me downvote every other comment in the chain, Durr." Please go get abducted by some Palestinians, paraded around the Gaza strip, stripped naked and violated. I hope that then your ass gets blown up by an IDF missile. Now you can see both sides, you punk. Irregardless, how's that for a statistic, hop up offa this dick!
Yeah. Exactly.
It probably will. That's what tends to happen when you have a massive technological advantage over your enemy.
Yes

Rape and murder of women and children

Such freedom fighters .....

(/s because Reddit)
This doesn’t push any political messaging tho, you are free to draw your own conclusions. 

If it’s real information treat it as such, just because someone might use it for a political purpose doesn’t mean you should ignore it
If a neighboring country was stealing people’s homes and killing innocents pretty much every single day I wouldn’t put down my arms either. If you treat a population like prisoners, gangs will take power just like in prison
Yes, would you stop your rebellious creation* from killing one another? Think as a Sim city...

I personally would find a way to save a few people, aka saints, and leave the rebellious to rot.
And yet wars between secular groups of humans are fought with even higher frequency than religious wars. 

Hmmm really makes you wonder what the actual cancer is. Pretty obvious it's just humanity lmao
Good old reddit anti religion. If this is good to you, more power to you then. 

Jesus came for the sick, if you are all too healthy you don't really need God at all.
The food for thought is time does not exist, it's an human abstraction. Entropy is just an assurance that things will end eventually, idk I find it all fascinating. 

Good to be alive, and aware.
Sure. I do my part by giving the other cheek. Just by not being an asshole we all can get along, but filthy rich people and politics always find a way for war.
Lazy border design
> killing kids is never justified

tell that to twitter lol
not after they killed and paraded americans
Israeli defence minister just said that Israel will kill everyone in Gaza, including thousands of civilians and all hostages if nothing changes.
Nah I see a bunch of people on instagram commenting free Palestine still on Israeli posts
They started wars against Israel to get their land back. Again, how are they supposed to behave ?
[deleted]
[deleted]
What peaceful approach? You realize this "peaceful approach" means giving up basically everything they've ever had and living under Israeli rule? And let's be honest, they still wouldn't be any peace
Someone who's underequipped isn't necessarly incompetent lol. Israel is backed by the US, aka the best army in the world. It's stones vs drone missiles.
Incompetence? They literally live in an open air prison, they have to smuggle weaponry in and assemble it. Israel has the backing of the west including all our high tech military systems.

Israel is poking them by forcibly stealing their land. You have it the wrong way round.
Financial support...
Or they use a lot of money and guns from foreign backers to rule over some starving refugees, again it’s difficult to say. Regardless, I don’t see how one can’t see that due to the conditions in the Gaza Strip it is guaranteed to be a breeding ground for terrorists, and the resentment they feel isn’t unjustified
As I said it shouldn’t be surprising even if the majority of Gazans support Hamas, or Palestinians generally, Hamas is good at making moves and providing a purpose, a religious duty, for young men who are purposeless and without opportunity living in horrid conditions where all they’ve known since 1948 is defeat
Sociopathic… as expected. 

And you want empathy.
If someone knocked on your door and told you your house is gonna be blown up in 15 mins would you be okay with that?
I would never ever suggest that Hamas and Palestinians are the same thing and I take offense to the suggestion that I do.

Hamas is a terrorist organization that uses Palestinians as political fodder to create fear and doubt. It’s quite disgusting and anyone who wants freedom for the Palestinians should want Hamas out of power.
They have a very high fertility rate which is offsetting the heavy losses, and seem to living under such horrible conditions that you could argue they are at least near genocidal, and considering those living conditions have led to groups like Hamas forming, this all seems to be the preamble to later excuse a full on genocide if the rhetoric from Israel is to be taken seriously. (No food, no water, no electricity, less discriminate bombing)


It was all leading up to this, a way for the genocide at a quick enough rate to be politically excusable.



You can argue whether it was always a genocide, but the conditions now are inarguably going to lead to one, if you believe what Israel is saying now.
Genocide is when your population grows 5x and you are allowed to live and work, and be in politics, in the country “genociding” you. You tankie morons are so unbelievably dumb.
So, you're only allowed to kill the bad guys if they can kill an equal number of yours back.
that's certainly not for lack of trying on Hamas's side
Around 30,000 Jewish civilians died each week during the Holocaust. Using data from Vox, and extrapolating for the 75 years the conflict has been ongoing, an estimated 37,500 Palestinian civilians have been killed since 1948. Slightly more Palestinians died in 75 years of "genocide", than Jews in a single week during an actual genocide, the Holocaust.
It's almost like the [US is the largest arms dealer in the world?](https://www.axios.com/2023/03/14/global-arms-sales-us-dominates-russia)
I'm glad my taxes go to funding war worldwide and not universal healthcare and education. It's a noble sacrifice 🇺🇲🦅
Almost like most of our interests as people are at odds with those who “represent” us. I wonder why…
As if the situation there would be peaceful without that funding you absolut clown ffs.

Without that funding it is pretty obvious there wouldn't be a single jew in the vicinity of Israel anymore and they would not live happily in another area if you understand what I mean.
The US as a State doesn't mind if their citizens lead shitty lives bc of lack of healthcare and education, as long as they can be the savior in shining armor for the rest of the world
[deleted]
And this is why it won't end.  They just need to be decisive and drive them out completely.  Plenty of Arab states they could flee to, Palestinians lost a long ass time ago, let's end this shit and move on.
They have actually stopped doing that according to reports in the guardian. They just killed about 20 civilians this morning by bombing without roof knocking.
Israel sends notifications before bombings, so civilians can evacuate.
You’re not stupid, how do you learn if you don’t ask?
The one with money and that doesn't have the extermination of a faith as a part of his manifesto.
..leave the building. Yes you'll lose your home but you can blame Hamas for that. Better to lose your home than your life
Can’t imagine why, it’s note like Hamas spends all their infrastructure on rockets instead. I’m sure that has nothing to do with it though
Because one side uses civilians as human shields and the other doesn't.
“Ethnic cleansing”

Weird how their population has doubled in the last twenty years and has never seen a single decline. You would think the country with “total power” would have started culling the population they are supposedly cleansing 🤦🏻
I invite you to read the Hamas charter. You will see how their point of view is incompatible with any peace proposed by Israel, and I mean any, even if Israel were to give all of their land.

Also … The Israeli colonies in Gaza were given back in 2005 as a part of such peace negotiations.
yea that's a cage theyre living in. they know their captors (israel) intend to slowly slaughter them and remove them from the land. and they have no where to go. completely under the thumb of israel. i fear for them

meanwhile israelis drink espresso in sidewalk cafes, eat vegan food, and enjoy universal health care paid for by the US
“The guys trying to minimize civilians casualties are just as bad as the guys trying to maximize civilian casualties”

Did you plan on bootlicking for terrorists today?
No we would not, if Israel hadn't had the support of the US and allies, the Yom-Kippur war would have happened

a) sooner
and
b) ended in a genocide of jews in the land

If they had the opportunity Iran, Hisbollah and Hamas would take it and exterminate the Israelis, it is their whole purpose. Gladly they don't have that opportunity.
Yes and why is that? Because any time they try to let Palestine trade or be open, they just attack Israel. So then Israel has to block them again. 

If Israel is the big baddie, the wouldn’t let Muslims have control of the Temple Mount, wouldn’t let them live in Israel, etc.

Israel literally wants to just exist without being constantly threatened and bombed. Palestine would be far better off and doing a lot better if they weren’t controlled by Hamas but alas they are.
because they are most likely armed by their arab neighbors
Drone is a pretty ambiguous term, when insurgents like hamas drop bombs from drones you shouldnt imagine a high tech UAV dropping precision ordnance, but rather a civilian drone with a grenade strapped to the bottom. Its relatively easy to do, even with “primitive” tech
Hamas seems to know how lol
I guess call shooting rockets into elementary schools “retaliation” or gunning down people at music concerts, or abducting grandmas retaliation. If that’s the case, then I don’t particularly care what you think. It’s assaulting innocent civilians and is wrong no matter what reason you could give for it.

Israel has a right to exist. They’re going to fight back at terrorists attacking it. These terrorists will use Palestinians as a human shield to try and make Israel look bad. I’m done explaining why they are struggling to make peace with people that want to murder them and have tried to murder them at any opportunity that presents itself.
It's almost like Israel shouldn't have created Hamas in the first place and then supported them in their takeover from Fatah.
Yes of course.
It missed the decimation of Judea and the Jewish diaspora during Roman Emperor Hadrian's rule, which is pretty darn important
Maybe on whatever detection software you are using, but GPTzero is extremely good at it. There are ways for GPT to get around it. For example, I told it to talk like a 5 year old and GPTzero said it was only 50% likely. However, every human essay or documents Ive fed it have given me less than 10% likelihood results. 98% is basically irrefutable. It's not meant to be an end all, be all or anything but can be used for further investigation. As for the commenter that I replied to, he admitted on other threads that he used an AI to write this up. So he is a karma farmer, much like a large majority of reddit.
Sure thing, buddy - just by seeing Islam, people converted! It had nothing to do with the *major battles* that were fought. 

Your first example is Iran/Persia, so *study and comment* about the [Battle of al-Qadisiyyah](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_al-Qadisiyyah). 

[Wikipedia also explains:](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muslim_conquest_of_Persia)

> The Islamization of Iran was gradual and incentivized in various ways over a period of centuries with some Iranians never converting and widespread cases of Zoroastrian scriptures being burnt and priests being executed, particularly in areas that experienced violent resistance. The Persians began to reassert themselves by maintaining the Persian language and Iranian culture. **Islam became the dominant religion in Iran by the late Middle Ages.**

Late Middle ages, and after centuries of violence. Not immediately, universally, and peacefully. *Some* people of course converted immediately, but not (nearly) everybody, and not without violence.   
Any source that tells you ridiculous things like "people *en masse* gave up their old religion simply because they saw how awesome *our* religion is" should usually be ignored.   
But I have the feeling that your perception of history isn't based much on sources anyway.
[deleted]
Because none of those governments from 1000 exist? Nobody alive knows anyone alive 1000 years ago. 

Every government that backed the creation of Israel and the destruction of Palestine still exists and continues to perpetuate the settler colonial state. The people who got fucked by it, and who benefitted from it, are the very people who are alive today directly benefiting from what they and their parents and grandparents did.

Everything else is, well, history. 

But of course you don’t care that it’s just history. You’re an apologist so you only care about an agenda. I care about justice for people who are alive here and now who have been trampled on.
You and I and most people in the world agree with that statement. The idea that Israel’s “process” is to kill 6 civilians to save one of their own is insane. The Israeli military is in constant communication with Gaza civilians before launching an attack. Not to say they are perfect, because they aren’t and have committed unnecessary deaths. But they care more about civilian casualties than Hamas, who is more concerned with killing Jews than taking care of its people
Well if the Israelis offer peace and concessions in the next peace accord the Palestinians probably should take the deal and not launch a bunch of attacks to kill the peace deal like they did in the 2000s.
It comes from religious fundamentalism, same as Al Qaeda, ISIS, etc.
Why the *FUCK* by the way do they have nukes, let alone that many. let me guess, the US.
But they won’t tell anyone that they have the nukes, so they can’t use them.
Do you also suck off Russia for not nuking Ukraine into oblivion. What a dumbass statement
Israel is not "showing restraint", it's simply trying to kill as many palestians as possible without breaking International law.

Roughly 5 mills people live in Palestine, It would be a genocide of the same proportions of the holocaust.
Nope, it tells me how much it relies on international support. Similar to South Africa's apartheid regime, without international support it collapses.
[You should read this. ](https://www.timesofisrael.com/liveblog_entry/senior-israeli-source-gaza-will-not-be-hamastan-roof-knocking-policy-no-longer-norm/)
The military target is amongst the civilians.

Also, Hamas is a plainclothes army. Just say you don't mind killing civilians.

And Israel warns Civilians that they are and to bomb Hamas. How does that make sense when Hamas are plainclothes?
What I mean is that the IDF settles for retaliatory strikes on specific targets in response to Hamas missiles, instead of a ground assault that would be catastrophic for both sides, although now Hamas has given them no choice but to take over the strip to subdue them
I guess you should explain it to me, because the way I see it you compare Israel and Hamas to a parent and child
Are you American? The way the Natives live and are treated is disgusting. If we would give them more rights and help them purchase homes that would be a good thing
It has caused no harm. The harm was caused by people who want to push them out for being there and by those Jewish extremists who are willing to deliberately harm innocents to achieve their goals.
Where did I suggest anyone should be forced to vacate their home? Are you fucking dense?
1. Yes, you could.

2. That is completely irrelevant to my comment, but kinda weird that you’re focusing on one disputed claim and not the thousand plus Israelis (including babies) that were proven to be massacred.
hamas also exists because of israel bombing out whole families and radicalizing a new generation of radicals- i think israel is the biggest player in stopping overall violence
If all the Palestinians would just leave or die and let Israel have all that land there would be no more conflict right?
> Israel had no intention whatsoever to turn it into an "open-air prison"

Intentions matter less than the reality of policy

>Israel did not ask to have a genocidal neighbor when it expelled its own citizens from Gaza 15 years ago.

I would just love to know what they thought would happen when they forcibly expelled people from their ancestral lands as an act of settler colonialism. The parallels between what Israel is doing now and what the United States did to Native Americans are striking. Turns out, when you force people from their lands, they turn to violence.

If all you can see is people and/or groups as violent, and not state institutions, there's nothing to debate here, there's a fundamental disagreement is how the world functions
There's a reason I called Israel a major player in relation to Gaza, and not the only party. I have plenty of criticism for Egypt's government too
Right? Then we agree.

Why would Palestine tolerate Israel consistently committing atrocities and really essentially going through with methodical apartheid. 

Good point. And here we are as a result. 

Get a grip. Israel’s “constraint” is so they can get away with occupying a country by doing it slowly but surely and waiting for Palestinian retaliation to make them seem sympathetic when they do it.  

Look at the death toll in the overall post you are replying to.
Wow based Jews breaking the law to return home.

And yeah, those groups emerged in response to the ongoing anti-Jewish massacres.
Which Christian sites exactly? I'm talking about Solomon's Temple, it was built more than 500 years before Christianity even existed. Or am I missing something?
Palestine literally never had claim to the land they are on now until Britain gave it to them.
I repeated what I said because you didn’t seem to register anything from it.

Also, yeah. There wasn’t.
Yes.  Prosperity should be something you earn, it’s not something anyone is entitled to give to you.  People have vastly different opportunities to prosper and do vastly different jobs at capitalizing on the opportunities they do have.  But no one has a “right” to be rich.
And the Nazi comes out
Hope gaza gets bulldozed
Isn't that what happened to the Jews in the first place though?
The Nazi goes mask off.
>The standard you and others apply to Israel you wont apply to ANY other nation/peoples. 

I just showed you that I do apply it to every nation, but you just ignored that... Poland and Ukraine is a braindead false equivalency because they were never the conquerers, just the native inhabitants. 

>For peace and security we don’t support nations taking away other peoples land.

But you literally do? You support Palestinian's "right" to that land when they stole it.

You can call my opinion stupid and confused all you like, it's certainly what I think of you given your arguments and ignorance.
You are being willfully obtuse to call what Israel does as "imperialism". My main, original point is that the land they claim is the Israelite homeland that was rightfully and relatively peacefully theirs since 2000 BCE, land which the Arabs, among others, violently stole through conquest. Whichever "settlers" Israel may send into "Palestine" are reclaiming the land that the Palestinian's warmonger forefathers violently stole from the Israeli forefathers.

>Imperialistic or not doesn't matter because like I said it doesn't matter who was there originally.

Circular argument. It doesn't matter because you say it doesn't matter? Here's my counter: it matters because I say it matters. You're arguing that the original owner of land doesn't matter, thats just plain idiotic because of course the original owner will always want returned what was stolen from them. Israel has a right to it's historical territory and a right to defend itself.

Finally, I agree that as long as the violence and anger against Israel and Jews persists, there will be an endless cycle of violence. But heres the sticker: Muslim countries disarmed tomorrow there would be peace, if Israel disarmed tomorrow they'd be wiped massacred and off the map by Wednesday.
iT wAs ThoUSandS oF YeArs aGO!!

Okay and? The conquest of the Americas was hundreds of years ago. Slavery was more than 150 years ago. Colonialism has been over for a long time. Do none of the victims of those injustices deserve remediation? Whats the line when they stop deserving it because too much time has passed?

Just because theres time between then and now doesn't make remediation and reclamation an injustice.

A homeland supported by history and heritage for the Jewish people is right and necessary.
Do you have any proof of this? Ive never heard of teachers or unelected public workers having to sign loyalty edges to Israel, and it sounds made up.

I could see this being the case for politicians, but I just find it really hard to see how or why this would be happening for run of the mill workers. Who is even enforcing it, and by what mechanism would they do so?
No doubt about that. We’ve propped up their apartheid government for decades, it just seems particularly egregious to get American civilians in on something like that.
Even if that is true, why would I have to sign such an agreement? Isn't it my right to boycott whoever I want?
What other country are we not allowed to boycott? Because Israel gets special treatment on just about everything, including the fact that their foreign aid comes without the same stipulations on how it’s spend and treaties.
The hell did I say that makes me wrong about anything? I asked a question.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israel_Anti-Boycott_Act#:~:text=The%20Israel%20Anti%2DBoycott%20Act,their%20contracts%20would%20be%20terminated.
Antisemites, attempting to ruin the conversation for everyone by injecting your poison. Most critics of Israel thankfully have no truck with this nonsense.
it's a pledge not to support the boycott against Israel, which is dumb as shit from both an optics and practicality point of view, granted
Both of those news sources are heavily biased and not all that credible
...and then, completely out of nowhere, Hitler came into power...

It's nice to finally see legitimate criticism of Zionism reach the mainstream. The narrative has been too one-sided for too long.
The truth is the truth; you just don’t know it.
...That's literally a loyalty pledge. It's literally true. Shut the fuck up, idiot.
Potayto potahto
This fucking country. Not sure how straight to take that, as I'm a teacher in a state that apparently has one of these laws and I certainly have never been asked to sign anything like that.
Ya that isn’t a “loyalty pledge”, at all. That’s an agreement not to boycott Israeli products. Absolutely nothing about “pledging loyalty” to the Israeli state, which is what you and others have been saying. You’re just trying to push some narrative that Israel controls our local politics. Complete bullshit and not a coincidence that you guys are slithering out of the woodwork given what just happened in Israel.
the source that they provided after I asked for it, which I then commented on? lmao read the thread dude
https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2018/12/18/she-lost-her-school-job-after-refusing-sign-pro-israel-pledge-now-shes-filing-lawsuit/
Maybe when you say "all US school teachers are required to sign pledges of loyalty to da jews" it sounds slightly suspicious
Addressing a typo & not the point; nice
Yes.  Sadly, they are few and far between these days.  There are some independent bloggers/reporters that can give you a markedly less biased perspective, but not as many as there used to be.
This is great, and I saw a great interview on CNN with a Palestinian official in the West Bank giving their perspective (though he downplayed the civilian casualties), so it is nice to at least see some good coverage of the palestinian situation from the big media outlets.
Israel accepted the 1948 UN resolution.



In response, the Arabs expelled all Jews and launched an invasion of Israel with the sole goal of killing all the jews.



They invaded Isrsel again and again. 





Finally, when Jordan and Egypt signed peace treaties with Israel, the PLO turned on Egypt and Jordan, causing Civil wars in those countries. Similar happened in Lebanon. 





In Black September, the Jordanian Civil War, more Palestinians were killed, than in Israel from 2008 to now.
The stats say the HAMAS has increased their efforts in the escalation ever since 2008 in the Gaza Strip.
"real victims" you clearly didn't see any of the footage of what they did to innocent Israelis recently. Your choice of words is gross and dehumanizing. There are real victims in both territories.
Israel has proposed multiple peace deals and accepted the UN proposals. Palestine rejected them all in favor of war and massacring/raping civilians.
Jesus Christ, the fact that you think you can read a few numbers and ignore the 100 years of prior history is peak redditard
This graph only shows how efficent is the Iron Dome.
Do some reading, idiot.
Ah.  Well, agree to disagree.
‘37 and ‘47

Both accepted by Israel and both rejected by the Arabs
At least.
Lol the just assassinated a journalist last year then beat her funeral procession. 

Dozen of children were murdered recently. 

https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/08/28/west-bank-spike-israeli-killings-palestinian-children

"Just be quiet and let them kill your children and keep you in an open air prison for decades and slowly ethnically cleanse you out of existence"

Brilliant take.
You say that as if the Israelis have no choice on whether or not to bomb schools and hospitals
Whole gaza is buildings, it’s a very small land with 2 million people
Given that Israelis have committed heinous acts of terrorism on numerous occasions and public support for these actions are disproportionately high for a highly developed country, does that mean Palestinians are also justified in carrying out imprecise "counterterrorism campaigns"?
Of course it would. But there is still a designation and they are separate crimes.

Also, I'm only alive as it is because someone got lucky. Happens daily.
Yeah but it would be different if you didn’t have that gun.
Intent is important, as is capabilities. If Hamas was as well funded and equipped as isreal was it might be a discussion. Thisbisvkike claiming Luxembourg is a threat to France to justify slaughtering 100,000 civilians over the decade.
Notice you didn't answer the question. I'm curious why that would be...
The charter in which that part was included was written in 1988 when the Palestinian situation was even more precarious than it is now.

I am willing to bet you wouldn't think of criticising a Ukrainian resistance fighter for wishing for the complete destruction of Russia, and Palestinians have been suffering in incomparable circumstances under apartheid circumstances, with no statehood or adequate military recourse, for much, much longer.

I do not like Hamas, but they are exactly the kind of organisation you would expect to arise out of this kind of assymetrical conflict.

Your understanding of all of this is completely and utterly infantile, and I take no joy in saying it.

Who have you read on the conflict, by the way?
anti zionism is Not anti semitism
>are primarily oppressed by their own leaders though who deliberately orchestrated scenarios that will get as many of them killed

you dont think israel is orchestrating scenarios that get israelis killed?

Who has all the power in the region?? Who has total military control? Thats the entity that the power to create the conditions for retaliation by an oppressed group which is essentially waiting to be systematically slaughtered and has zero recourse to better their situation.

you have it backwards. 

and your little "israel bad, jews bad" comment is nothing but a petulant attempt to handwave away any valid criticism and any responsibility to learn and understand the criticism. 

it's why certain people just blab out "america bad" or "orange man bad"; they dont want to hear or learn, and they dont want anyone else to accidentally hear or learn either.

it's pretty much like saying "TLDR, THEREFORE YOURE WRONG"
What do you know about how Israel administrates Gaza? Or about how they control the borders?
Is this the reason israel runs an apartheid state? 

No matter what hamas does, Israel is still running an apartheid state, and they should be called out for it. 

What Hamas has done to innocent civilians is disgusting and should be punished. 

What Israel does only fuels the fire they claim to not want. They say one thing and do another. 

Both sides can be wrong and are wrong. You're the only one defending apartheid or any of the disgusting things committed by both sides. 

Only one side has the power to end this war, and its not the side caged like animals getting bombed by f 16s. 

Imagine going online and defending apartheid. You should take a good long look at yourself.
The Hamas terrorists choice to use human shields is cowardly, evil, and contemptible. Israel does its best to avoid civilian targets that Hamas intentionally puts in harms way. Hamas has children digging tunnels and shooting rockets for gods sakes.
I don’t blame Israel for blowing up the locations of bombs that would be used against their citizens.

All Palestine has to do to stop it is accept one of the 39 deals Israel has offered/accepted over the past few decades. 

Or they could counter offer or offer their own deal, which they have yet to do
I mean, isn't that the entire point?  Israel's government exists because of its own people and owes a duty first and foremost to its own people.  I'm not sure why it's surprising that it would prioritize accordingly.
Compared to what you’re proposing, the bombings are the humane option. Currently, when Hamas fires a rocket at Israel they send a guided munition at the launch site. You’re proposing that instead, they initiate a ground based raid which would require them going miles into a deeply hostile city, fighting house to house the entire way, just to hit a single site that would have been evacuated by the time they got there. It would kill an order of magnitude more Palestinians than the airstrikes do.
They are bombing it because it is safer for their own soldiers. I don’t blame them for blowing up the locations of bombs that will be used against them in a way that will be safest for them. Blame Hamas for using Palestine’s civilians as shields
What's the appropriate exchange rate between white and brown people lives? 

God forbid a white person meets the fate brown people usually get. You are a pathetic clown. Human suffering is universal, institutional powers perpetuate it further amongst selected people. 

Go cry about spectacles somewhere else you absolute dork.

White ravers on stolen land deserve a life of blissful ignorance, brown Palestinians behind the walls disserve to live in eternal subservience, oppression and stress.
Peak reddit comment lmfao
I like how after **all the evidence** you've undoubtedly seen recently, you only start realizing they are psychopathic, sadistic zealots when they kill the Palestinian people.
What do you think should be a proper response to a terror attack of that scale? Hamas seems to want to prove that there is no way out of this cycle of war.
I didn't say that. There is no easy way out. However, it is also important to acknowledge what happened. This is the equivalent of 9/11. I’m sure the US did not mean to kill innocents as well, but war is not sterile.
Getting into a fight with an evil person does nothing for your own morality
No, but “I guess churchill was the evil one the whole time” was said tongue in cheek and i just wanted to remove said tongue from cheek because, well, he had some evilness in him. 

Obviously I dont believe the allied forces were the “evil” side in world war II
When do Muslims get to breathe man? In 2001 we stereotyped Muslims as terrorists because of Al Qaeda, in the 2010s we did it with ISIS, and now we’re doing it with Hamas??? How long till people stop attributing terrorist organizations to entire cultures of people.
Ok
Nah in this argument the Aztecs were worse, the Spainiards wouldn’t have been able to do anything if it weren’t for the thousands and thousands of other natives who fought the Aztecs because they were so bad.
> No, I'm not going to source the US History class I took in university eight years ago.

How convenient.

> You mean the myth created and perpetuated in the 40's?

Not a myth. Are you saying that even without more and more settlers smallpox would have developed naturally and the same extent?

Ed: Very interesting that you respond with a question and a block. Of course having many carriers of a disease encourages its spread. Almost as if you are unable to back up your position.
Well that kind of the point when you force people from where they've lived their entire life some people from that group will do horrible things in an attempt at resistance. You're highlighting it with Native Americans, and we've just seen it in Gaza. In both the case of European and Israeli settlers we saw/are seeing them use it as justification to kill huge amount of the people who were already living there.

Ed: their->there
It's funny how you're forgetting what happened in the Nazi Germany. Jews have moved to Israel exactly because of the narrative you've described (more or less), on the back of the British Empire's decision to keep the region destabilized. Then Israel was denounced by the radical muslims and not even acknowledged as a country until they've won defensive wars against the aggressors (like Egypt). 

This war isn't about who was hurt the most. It's about the survival of two very different groups of people, and the geopolitics behind it. It's Iran vs the US, Israelis survival vs Palestinian. You bringing morals into this won't make this war stop. What you're asking the Israel to do is to go and die, in a sense, and they will never agree to do that. Besides, siding with Iran who sponsor Hamas hurts the world's economy, makes all goods cost more due to the Middle East oil wars. Will you be able to side with the oppressed who hurt your own survival?

And finally, why do you think that the oppressed won't become the oppressor? What did the German girl do to deserve being raped and killed? Just because they've suffered a lot doesn't make them good people. Let's say Hamas kills twice as many Israeli people. Will Israel have the right to kill them back? Where does it end?
That’s disingenuous to say when Israel has offered Palestine everything it claims to want and Palestine has repeatedly turned it down in favor of bloodshed.
Ah, neat, so we drop all pretense and just deny Israel's right to exist entirely. Well that justifies a genocide, after all!

So we now take land of people who never lived anywhere else, give it to people who never lived there and have contributed nothing to making it what it is today? Cool, how far back do we go on history? 

- I assume the Germans get back East Prussia. That was roughly the same time frame, after all.
- Americas back to the natives? Drive off 99% of it's population? Where do we put the people with 9 different countries in their ancestry? No idea, just drive them out.
- Istanbul/Constantinople back to the Greeks?
- Don't get me started on the migration of the peoples ...
I do actually. I just don't think it's the main problem concerning Palestinians because it's not, it's Israel i will be glad if hamas disappeared today, what next is it the peace u were talking about?
Set aside the possibility of such a powerful army would let that happen to get a golden card for genocide but i hate how some people talk about hamas as the real problem.
Here 
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMj99Jo5K/
What percentage of the settlers are immigrants or children of immigrants?
Israel is funded yearly $8 billion dollars by the USA, and the American taxpayer pays for it. Shows how privileged you are to write that Hamas is corrupt.
Shut up. Hamas has defeated Israel many times. They exist because Israel exists. International aid and funds are being given to both, and American citizen’s tax money goes to Israel you idiot. Billions every year. That’s why they have a nuclear army and fighter jets, and that’s how USA establishes a military post in the region.
No you idiot this is not about Jews. That’s what the Zionist propaganda wants you to believe. It’s about land. Why do Jewish settlers burn olive groves and farms that are a few meters away from them? Why do they commit pogroms by burning Palestinians villages down to the ground? The connection with the land is not there because it’s not their land. It’s about liberation from colonizers not about killing Jews. One day you will grow up and learn the truth, I don’t blame you though the west has brainwashed pretty much the whole world to make them believe Hamas is bad and that resisting occupiers makes them terrorist (see ukraine). That’s the double standard of the west. 

I will gladly see myself  out now
It looks like you shared an AMP link. These should load faster, but AMP is controversial because of [concerns over privacy and the Open Web](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot).

Maybe check out **the canonical page** instead: **[https://www.atalayar.com/en/articulo/politics/israeli-palestinian-conflict-and-hamas-child-soldiers/20210512113126151157.html](https://www.atalayar.com/en/articulo/politics/israeli-palestinian-conflict-and-hamas-child-soldiers/20210512113126151157.html)**

*****

 ^(I'm a bot | )[^(Why & About)](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot)^( | )[^(Summon: u/AmputatorBot)](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/cchly3/you_can_now_summon_amputatorbot/)
I found it myself and literally just edited my comment.

I just mean that rhetoric like that obscures the actual facts, is all.

And what's the reason for the demographics being like that? The numbers are easy to find but the reasons are not.
That sounds kinda racist.
That is not why 9/11 happened.

That is why Taliban was in Afghanistan.

To quote wikipedia on the 9/11 attack.

> Al-Qaeda's cited motivations included U.S. support of Israel, the presence of U.S. military bases in Saudi Arabia and sanctions against Iraq. 

So the meaning is the same, but it is just different things that the USA did.
Don't Palestinians want Israeli Jews dead, or at the least, exiled?
yeah, but there's a difference between pointing out relationships between things and statements like this which kinda sound like they're saying both the USA and Israel "had it coming." When it's about civilians getting butchered like in both of these cases I find that absolutely unacceptable
Yeah you’re completely right. That’s why virtually all historians and experts on Middle Eastern affairs state that the conflict is extremely complicated. But I feel much better knowing that some rando on Reddit has cleared the confusion up by confirming it’s 100% Israel’s fault.

And yes Israel could completely stop the conflict. I’m sure if they send a kindly worded letter to Hamas asking them to change their policy of wiping out the Jews everything will be good.
If you know your history, you’d know Palestine ganged with neighboring nations in 1948 and refused to accept a solution of peace with Israel and themselves.

Your last sentence is bullshit.

Hamas started this round, yet you continue to blame Israel, even when Hamas starts it
Perhaps, but that doesn’t negate my point.
It isn’t, but saying “well it’s not like 9/11 came out of nowhere” isn’t just saying what happened. 

There’s a difference between explanations of something happening and suggesting this is a result of past violence.

Regardless, it’s not justifiable.

We’re talking about terrorists, not military vs military

Fuck off with your “Israel started this” when Hamas launches rockets unprovoked yesterday. 

Stop making excuses to justify terrorism. You’re not slick. You’re being a fucking hypocrite
The comparison isn't even valid I was being snarky. Israel isn't showing restraint they just can't go full scorched earth because they would lose favor with the international community so they brutalize in the shadows.
Small skirmishes. If the Arab states got together Israel would be screwed.
I also wonder what counts as an injury. Technically breathing in dust from a collapsing building is an injury.
You realize Hamas was elected with the explicit goal of murdering every Jew after Israel forced their own citizens to leave Gaza and give it back to the Palestinians?
Yes, which I oppose. My only point is that casualty counts are a dogshit metric for determining morality in a conflict.
The *entire Jewish Quarter* of Jerusalem’s Old City was raised to the ground. It all had to be rebuilt. The only reason the Western Wall stayed up is because it has existed for 2000 years and Muslims also consider it important. I’ve been. The limestone has a significantly different texture than the rest of the old city.
How is it self-inflicted? Were all the massacres and acts of ethnic cleansing against Jews in Palestine prior to the occupation also self-inflicted? They wanted Jews dead then, they want Jews dead now. The occupation hasn’t changed that. The only difference now is that Israel typically has the power to stop it. Yesterday’s events showed what they do to the Jews when the security barriers are removed.
Oh, I know you are just calling me easily manipulated, at least that's what I assume. 


 I only care about recent events, yeah the Israelis have done some fucked up things.  But attacking a rave, killing 260, raping and parading around a corpse, kidnaping hundreds, cheering for it, and a kid spitting on the corpse, all in a few hours? It's just a ***teensy*** bit different, my man.
Arabs who continued living in their homes in Israel, and did not escape during the war the Arab states started, are full citizens of the Israeli state and vote in elections, and have as much power as citizens in other states. The partition plan did not envision land being stolen, but simply the creation of two new self-ruled states (both of which did not exist before) replacing a state that had been held dictatorially since time immemorial. Israel only took more land than envisioned during and after the war the Arab states started, as is normal after a war.

All modern states have gone through similar land taking, and conflicts between more powerful invaders and natives. History shows that there are only two ways out, keep fighting and expect genocide, or stop fighting and integrate because lives are more important than land and which religion is the majority religion. Whether the creation of Israel was right or wrong is irrelevant now, normal people being able to live their lives (whether under an Islamic state, or a secular one) is very much more important.
The land was not stolen, it was conquered. You’re a dumbass Nazi.
&#x200B;

>Not to mention that jewish and slavic people helped nazi authorities during the Holocaust,

"jews helped with the holocaust" yeah, right. as braindead as the rest of your oppinion.
said the hisbolla agent :)
Mmhmm, and how many of the Nazi occupied states vote against Israel consistently while ignoring the crimes of other countries? You’re a fucking Nazi. Blocked.
yes, thanks for asking.

are you?
>We do not have proof of Hamas' genocide of Jews

We dont.. because they can´t. They dont have the neccessary means & ressources for that.

We however have the literally written proof of intent that they want to kill jews:

Article 7:

>The Day of Judgement will not come about until Muslims fight the Jews (killing the Jews), when the Jew will hide behind stones and trees. The stones and trees will say O Muslims, O Abdulla, there is a Jew behind me, come and kill him. Only the Gharkad tree would not do that because it is one of the trees of the Jews.

When it comes to the question "what would they do if they could", this is all proof that is needed - everything else you mentioned is just blabla.
Israel is not an apartheid state.
Lmao so Israelis innocent lives don't matter only Palestinian ones? And because IDF did shit to Palestinians, that justifies Hamas killing innocent people, not to mention people that are not even Israeli?

Both sides are wrong here, but considering Hamas, the support for Hamas by Palestinians, the support Palestinians are being offered by Taliban, Hezbollah and Syria, and the fact Palestinians are celebrating in Europe, I say flatten the entire Palestine and don't look twice.
The settlements are wrong, but are you seriously trying to say that Israel displacing people is more evil than Hamas gunning down civilians in the streets and parading their victims' naked bodies around?
And in the 40s when the Palestinians forced ALL the Jews out and destroyed their city?
You contribute only ignorance and expect a different response? Again, you’re a fucking moron. There are videos of Hamas laughing while murdering civilians and you’re over here like, “ehh but ackshully >:( Israel is litterally hitlerrrr”. Nah, fuck you, you fucking clown.
You're still conveniently ignoring the fact that at the end of the day, it is Israel who is killing Palestinians. I'm not picking a side here, and I am certainly not defending Hamas. I just think it's interesting that you believe that Palestinians are allowing Israel to kill them for propaganda, and that this somehow makes Israel not accountable for killing them.
Well Israel has a tendency of killing Palestinians. Your point?
Swine flu was still not more deadly than COVID. Feel free to provide meaningful sources.
Can you expand? Israeli people just protested in huge numbers for like 2 months because of the coalition trying to rail road democratic protections in the courts. why can't the isreali government be criticized?
Whatever dude. Just because I can criticize Jews without hating them doesn't make me an "ist". It's a nuanced subject but as soon as you say any negative about them or validate anti-Semitic ideas in any way you're labeled.
"I don't hate Germans, I hate Nazis"

"Oh, nice mask you got there, germanophobe"

Dumbass...
That’s fucking WILD. What ideology is “N-“? What crimes against humanity are carried out to advance “N-“? 

You make no fucking sense and don’t bring Black people into your Zionist bullshit.
Are you fucking retarded do you not know how RES tagging works? When you tag someone the comment link you tagged them in always show up when you click the tag. Imagine being on this site for 13 years and still not using RES. i bet you even like the redesign.
not even jewish retard kys subhuman muslim. world will only know peace when your kind is cleansed from the face of the earth. luckily qatar is small enough that a couple bombs or a single nuke would end you all.
I am not demoting them to subhuman. Demoting them to subhuman status is rationalizing the acceptance of the rape and murder of women and children because "they don't have another choice."

Edit: Never said just glass the place. I am also able to look at things and wonder why Egypt doesn't open their border to let all these innocents out of the way as well. Can't seem to find a good explanation for that one.
American Republicans can't help but demonize the oppressed.  It's their religion.
I mean, 45 is greater than 43.9. Not everyone in Israel supports the settlements in the West Bank. Do you think Hamas bothered to ask anyone what their stance was before they raped and executed them?
>What do you expect of people who were oppressed for decades, thousands of people dead and families ruined?

So. Just to understand your point. Rape and execution style murder is ok in this situation? I expect them to act like human beings, not base level animals. You make them subhuman when you ask a question like that. They are capable of better.

>Why does everyone portray hamas as monsters and rapers meanwhile we have such videos?

You mean the videos that started to come out on day 2 and look like horribly scripted tiktok videos? The Nazis had a concentration camp that they dressed up to look nice while they starved and executed people elsewhere. Never mind that it conflicts with statements made by Hamas leadership and spokesmen on eradicating Israel.
people like you are genuinely so uneducated, it's like if someone starts punching a bear and then the bear mauls them yea the bear did more damage to rhe human than the human did to the bear but that's not the bears fault it's stronger and more durable
Your inability to apply any critical thinking is so painful, it's like watching someone throw out talking points they heard from their dad
Right. As I’ve seen Palestinians protesting and begging for de-escalation. After all, the number of victims on the Palestinian side since 2000 are much greater than that of Israel’s. 

So why is it that one group of people is defined by its government/extremist group’s action and the other isn’t? 

Keep in mind that the last election in Palestine was almost two decades ago and they don’t even have an army. 

Israelis have enjoyed the benefits brought on by the colonization and violence led by the government they elected in 2022, and before that. So by your logic, we should be conflating Israelis with the Israel far right murderous government that’s been carrying out genocide and displacement of the Palestinian people. 

I would prefer not to conflate the innocent people and the entities carrying out the violence. But if people are doing it to Palestinians and Hamas, I am asking for consistency.
Right. As I’ve seen Palestinians protesting and begging for de-escalation. After all, the number of victims on the Palestinian side since 2000 are much greater than that of Israel’s. 

So why is it that one group of people is defined by its government/extremist group’s action and the other isn’t? 

Keep in mind that the last election in Palestine was almost two decades ago. 

Israelis have enjoyed the benefits brought on by the colonization and violence led by the government they elected in 2022, and before that. So by OP’s logic, we should be conflating Israelis with the Israel far right murderous government that’s been carrying out genocide and displacement of the Palestinian people. 

I would prefer not to conflate them. But if people are doing it to Palestinians and Hamas, I am asking for consistency.
I shouldn't have to say killing and kidnapping civilians is bad, that should be a given. Israels illegal occupation of land that's not thiers has made outcomes like this all but inevitable unfortunately.

That being said I don't hear a peep from your type when orders of magnitude more Palestinian civilians are killed by Israeli soldiers. In your defense it never gets ANY coverage in mainstream media and most people don't even know it's happening. Giving billions in weapons to Israel would be hard to sell to the American people if they weren't portrayed as the good guys everytime.
The conservative go to phrase when they cant come up with a valid rebuttal or admit theyre shit people.
We should be thankful for the US then. Now, if Palestinians stopped doing terrorist attacks the US might care more about stopping settlers and giving Palestinians more freedom.
This comment will age like a fine wine.  Israel is a big problem.  We created a monster.
Interesting. Because there are Palestinians living in Israel and they have the same right as Jews. Meanwhile the Hamas charter has the death of Jews pretty explicitly stated.

Seems to me like is far less of a stretch to say this is a genocide against jews according to this definition.
I downvoted it? Ok
> Anyone who are anti freedom and pro extremist can all just die off the face of this earth.

Sounds like you want anyone backing Palestine right now to die.

Does that include me?  Do you want me to "just die"?  Please be clear in your answer.
Israel is anti freedom, and pro extremist by refusing not to charge many of their snipers who killed innocents over the years. By your logic, you wish they die ? Or is it only people who are extra brown that aren't allowed to be anti freedom in some way or another ?
This guy is just putting words into everyone else’s mouths and clearly projecting. Don’t waste your time
What?
the "holy land" is anything but that anymore, the blood and tears in that land will never dissappear, fucked up world we live in
do you think i want people to get glassed? im just stating what is going to happen as a result

its a terrorist organization pissing off a far right government
That would mean the rape and/or execution of every Jew in Israel
they even call themselves the arab league xD
I’m telling you terrorists are terrorists, and you shouldn’t support people who rape and kill and drag women through the streets.
Just speaking hypothetically, but a great strategy for a terrorist organization would be to launch deadly attacks and then hide among civilians and there'd be no way to fight back against them without killing civilians, leaving them free to conduct more deadly attacks. Just pointing out its not so black and white.
https://www.telegraph.co.uk/world-news/2023/10/08/hamas-scatters-hostages-gaza-deter-israel-invading/ (yesterday)

https://www.channel4.com/news/factcheck/factcheck-hamas-civilians-human-shields
These numbers show significant restraint from Israel if they did not, as you say, care about collateral damage. Israel would have killed millions if you were right.
So you’ll be fine when we just turn the strip into rubble and ash. Nobody else will care about dead terrorists either. 100% deserved and waiting for the pink mist and fireworks!
>are justified in defending themselves

ah yes, justification to go and brutaly murder children in front of their family aswell as murdering young people on a festival for peace, or randomly shooting at cars while screaming allhu akbar, or parading around a naked body of a "israeli" woman (actually german woman), or kidnapping women to rape them and much more. so much justification.  
  
they had 2 real colonial powers there, the ottoman empire and the british empire. israel is not a colonial power.
monetary or human lifes. hamas is succeeding in hurting israel with these cheap rockets.  
  
israel is just smart enough to rather "waste" money instead of human lifes.
Pretty much.

Everyone’s telling Palestine to bend over and take it while fellating Israel as if they haven’t been terrorizing
Bruh you are like, *really* unintelligent…

And it’s clear you’re not trolling… like what lol? You’re actually clueless and I’m not sure you realize that you’d be tortured and murdered within minutes of your arrival to Palestine.
Terrorism. Was that not the obvious answer when it’s used for genocidal purposes to exterminate the Jews? That’s Hamas main goal and they aren’t shy about it.
That also doesn’t mean your family wasn’t killed. Why is saying brutalizing civilians controversial to you?
Where do you live? I bet the land you live on was stolen from someone at some point. That doesn't excuse the intentional targeting of civilians and clear public desire for genocide.
Israel from the day it was formed has been under attack by elements trying to fucking genocide them. Self defense is not unjustified. Israel has been restrained and measured this whole time while the people surrounding them have attempted to kill them just for existing. But it seems you're from their neighbors, so you probably support the desire for genocide.
True the 9 civilians are victims. Collateral damage. But that doesn't make the country reacting to being attacked a terrorist or their actions unjust. Reasonably they need to protect their citizens.
The people here are surprisingly emotional in their responses to a war they seemingly have very little understanding about. I also know very little, and I accept that. But I suspect the majority of Reddit, and western media in general, seem very pro-Israel due to racism. Their racism make them speak up and take interest in the war, but without any goal of educating themselves on it, without any form of open mindset.
I have a hard time having discussions with people that can’t form a coherent line. stating that there’s no choosing in your original statement and then (obviously) claiming that Israel I’m somehow choosing the side of the oppressor because both sides are responsible for this is not having equality- it is ambivalence. Israel has a mightier military thus the causality list is biased to one side. That is beside the point, however. There are dead civilians on both sides - fact. Netanyahu is telling people in the Gaza strip to flee but where the fuck are they going to go? The entire strip has a wall around it. Palestinians are indoctrinating their children to kill israelis. There can never be pease when both sides don’t seek a way to attain it.
As long as I can do it to airstrikes on gaza terrorists
That’s not true, but I’m not even saying they don’t have the right to resist. Terrorism and solving it that way is wrong. Just that simple really, and it’s alarming and sad that it has to be a debate
I don’t support what Israel’s done and don’t think it’s justified. Just as I don’t condone or justify slaughtering 700 civilians. Difference is I’m not implying Israel is justified in some of their responses. Do you see how that works?
Well you accuse people of turning off their brains for condemning the action. Lol thats one of many options they had, but chose terrorism. It’s in direct response to your premise that terrorism was somehow their only option. Wonder which one is dumb to suggest
I’m not sure how any of that contradicts what I said.

Also I’m not conflating the two— you’re drawing a false distinction by trying to insist that the murder of Jews isn’t antisemitic *because* it’s antizionist
It really is anti-Semitism. The belief that Jews should not have the right of self-determination by having a Jewish run state is anti-Semitic and it's that simple.
Do you have sources showing that they are explicitly only in hospitals and schools?
That's one way to tell people you're a piece of garbage. Hopefully you and your family get what you deserve.
Israel is termed apartheid by the Human Rights Organizations we use for every other standard. So Israel is literally state-supported terrorism.

Idk much about Hezbollah, but if I were to one day have my home along with all my people’s homes invaded by foreigners, I would seek military help from whoever I could to regain my land.
Again, I said there was a REASON many people support Palestine and I implored the original commenter to do more research to understand why that’s the case. I never stated my position in my original comment. Yes, I’ve stated it on other comments on this thread. But that has nothing to do with my comment here and the fact that you even had to dig up other comments to back your up accusation is kind of pathetic. At this point you’re just arguing semantics, which is futile, so I’m not even going to engage in this conversation anymore.
Wait what, what are you getting me into. 

I said to read between the lines; meaning what they did is basically a loyalty pledge in disguise. If you think otherwise then you do you. But it really is a strange thing.

The other stuff you talk about is between you and the other user.
Oh woops, commented on the wrong person I think. Loyalty pledge isnt even what you guys are talking about.
Okay, care to explain this? 

https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-12283431/CCTV-shows-Palestinian-boy-shot-dead-Israeli-sniper-unarmed.html
So the murder and kidnapping of 18 year old internationals there for a peace themed music festival is justified because they are.... *checks your comment* .....oppressing Palestine?
It’s a shitshow, doesn’t have to do much with justice on either side.

And such violence is always condemnable, again, on either side.

No one can deny though that in the end the Palestinians are the oppressed and Israel is the oppressor in this century+ old conflict, it’s up to anyone’s own interpretation what to make of this.
I think there are individual Palestinian victims, but I view the Palestinian government in Gaza (Hamas) and anyone who does not outright reject Hamas as evil.

Palestinian folks will suffer until they take action against the terrorist government in Gaza and they should.
But you also justify what happened to them, so it's like you're happy they are victimized
I bet you have bad karma in real life too, be the change you want to see
wooosh again, holy shit.

Israel is Russia in this situation.
Some innocents? ??????? They focused almost entirely on innocents. Israel does not but I’m sure propaganda bots will now fill me in how they are literally aiming for children etc.
So the Israelis don't gang rape people to death and parade their stripped corpses to cheering crowds? And the crowds don't line up so they can spit on dead bodies?
Extremely so. I'm not new at all. Israelis have inflicted collateral damage, but never taken to the streets parading and celebrating the knifing to death of children, nor used the naked dead body of a killed tourist as a hood ornament.
I agree this is bad and Israeli soldiers involved in such acts should be held accountable, but this is an exception to the rule, not general conduct / policy.

Either way, it's very different from

>\[Hamas\] murdered civilians at a music festival, went into air raid shelters and starting shooting people, and stripped a murdered woman naked and paraded her body through the streets while cheering

and the many other things that were done yesterday. To suggest they are equivalent is pretty messed up.
Israeli soldiers get arrested when they get caught doing that. Palestinian soldiers are encouraged to rape children
Literally Iran, Russia, China, North Korea... now if you're asking how do they come up with the money, I mean that's not really my argument, it's hypothetical... but you must admit if Palestine could acquire more advanced weapons they would inflict more severe casualties too
Oh true ur right we should let them target music festivals with great impunity 👍
I agree completely.  I just find it asinine people are blaming and calling for the deaths of innocent Palestinians due to the actions of Hamas.  It's the same as the nutcases that think Netanyahu's government = Israelis = Jews.
Is this... is this supposed to be like a positive of some sort? You're saying that Israel is very much capable of it and hasn't yet? You think the brutal occupation is benevolent? You think the pograms  committed by Israel against Palestinians is not a slow moving genocide?

The idea that Palestine would turn around and be a brutal oppressor when they've wanted a two state solution to a neocolonial state is crazy.
Yeah the Nazis being Catholic and using the faith to justify their doings....not bad

The slave owners using Christianity to justify owning slaves not bad

The Christian vigilantes killing people with machetes jn central Africa in ,2014 not bad

You right tho
I am an islamaphobe, by far the most inferior religion.
Wow I spotted the Nazi.
You didn’t answer my question though.
No unfortunately you cant understand
Please put the words I used to support terrorists in quotation marks.

Funnily enough, I could say the same thing to you. Where would that leave us, I wonder?
I don't see how showcasing the Palestinians have died in overwhelming numbers in this conflict takes away anything.
Being anti Palestinian deaths doesn't make me pro hamas
What whataboutism?

Both are bad, one is worse. So many countries have cited the expansion of the illegal settlements in the West Bank as one of the biggest drivers of conflict for a reason. You want to explain how that protects the lives of Israelis?
I bet you believe Hamas was also in the Associated Press tower Israel blew up too. 

You're literally saying you don't give a fuck that Israel bombs schools, residential areas, and hospitals bc someone else used it as a staging place?? That's asymmetrical violence and response- you're literally excusing murdering civilians bc you think you may get a terrorist or two from it. Y'all are bloodthirsty when it comes to Muslims
[deleted]
That was lovely and good faith wasn’t it. Do you really not see how the same logic you used can be applied in reverse?
Because once Islam is completely eradicated all Jews can be placed in Israel and stay out of other countries. Muslims are like a virus, everything they touch dies and falls apart. Then the world can be a Christian Haven again, do you understand? I believe Jews are more suitable with a modern world than Muslims.
Exactly. So that kinda explains the power dynamics here right?
And some are Japan
chicken butt
Maybe the best solution is for Palestinians to move to the UK and give Israel the land.
Screw holding your breath. I wanna know right now if 🗿is compatible with a refreshable braille reader.
Deafblind people can use them.
Strawman argument.
Lol being completely deaf is not even close to the same thing as colorblindness. One is life altering, the other is mildly annoying. I hope you are just some dumb kid, not a full grown adult.
Nice novel
The dead on the Israeli side this week aren't even all Israeli. Canada has 1 dead and 2 missing. Thai is 1 dead 3 missing. Germany has at least dead. It's possible that Hamas has killed more foreigners in 2 days than they'd killed Israeli citizens prior to their offensive.
Which means it reeks even more of propaganda and agenda when you consider the swaths of innocent civilians killed in Israel during this current out-of-nowhere attack/massacre.   


Plus it's not 'Cool'.

**Edit**: Guy below blocks me so I can't respond - or see all of what he says, nor reply further when he asks for a source....rich. Logged off to read what he says and sure enough he leaves with victim blaming and saying *"they shouldn't have been there"*. When of course in any other instance they wouldn't have been murdered had the attack happened.

It takes a special kind of evil to say that.

And sources for accounts of rape:
https://www.tabletmag.com/sections/news/articles/israel-music-festival-massacre-eyewitness-account

https://www.opindia.com/2023/10/hamas-terrorists-israel-music-festival-massacre-260-killed-shani-louk-women-raped-near-dead-bodies/

https://abc7chicago.com/hamas-israel-war-attack-gaza-strip/13879559/
that tends to happen when you purposely slaughter and kidnap civilians and post everything on tiktok and telegram.
One can only imagine what would happen if Hamas had the upper hand.
Wonder if they’ll follow suit and post videos on Twitter of them raping women to death in the streets like Hamas is doing.
Isreal is fully saying, get away from known Hamas building.
Good.
Which from the look of it is a lil out of hand based on this graph.
They brought it on themselves.
???
All killed by Clinton, no doubt. /s
I’m surprised the neutral world didn’t see them with open eyes before 2 days ago to be honest.  This is a group that wants the kind of shariah law that abuses and puts women and minorities down and that punishes laws against their god with torture and death. 

I’m not saying Israel is blameless in this conflict, far from it, but if you want an end to this 50+ year conflict with one side “winning” and since a shared peace seems totally impossible I would much rather have Israel’s government than one under Hamas.  It’s a night and day difference how oppressive and horrible one government would be vs the other.

There is no good option, just less terrible ones.
You're right not single Israeli can be counted as a civilian.

And seeing as support for a terrorist organisation in Gaza is consistently polled around 80% higher than conscription numbers in Israel. Neither can any person in Gaza.

So fairs fair, IDF Vs Terrorists.

See how fucked up your logic is? Or do I need to look up dead kids and ask you "can they be considered civilians?"

The fucking mental gymnastics you really are that fucking detached from reality.
Yup, it's not from the mossad files so it has to be propaganda right?
Ah yes the bullshit argument.

Hamas put headquarters in residential buildings, hospitals. Schools.

Hamas shoot rockets from rooftops of civilian buildings or near them.

Israel uses iron Dome to intercept missiles and actually do an effort to protect civilians.

But yeah we need the numbers to be equal even if that means going door to door slaughtering entire families and gunning down rave parties.

But hey I'm happy you think numbers on a page should be equal.
Oh, your ‘sources’…
>I don’t see full residential buildings being demolished on the Israeli side.

Not due to a lack of trying though.. peruse the list at the link below.

https://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/palestinian-rocket-and-mortar-attacks-against-israel

There are a few factors why residential buildings in Israel don't suffer full collapse.

1.) Palestinian rocket and mortar fire is inaccurate.

2.) Israel's structures are built more soundly.

3.) Iron Dome and David's Sling intercept many of the rockets targeting civilian areas.

Judging based on the number of collapsed buildings is an odd measurement.

Btw, no pivoting here.  The comment I responded to said Palestinians only target military sites which is objectively untrue.  It is also easily debunked by anyone willing to look at the truth without bias.
And you sound like a coward
>Most sane redditor right here 🤡

 Thanks for the confirmation. I agree, you are a clown.
>The best solution is one that would lead to peace between the two groups, living as friends and family as we all truly are, sharing the land and the holy places in good faith. But we are far from seeing that.

And that needs the other side to come to the table and discuss the options. Launching thousands of rockets on innocent civilians is not the way to find peace.
In the invasion, murder, rape, kidnapping... yes. That was Hamas' doing. Hamas is evil and kills their own people. They are an openly genocidal and dictatorial regime backed by Iran.
Unsure, when was this? 

Really that election is the best polling available, high voter turnout (~75%) and Fatah was only able to win 34% of the seats
Do you mean Election Polling or Opinion Polling?
I hear you, but the election I'm talking about took place before Hamas was in control of anything.
> They basically imprisoned their last legally appointed representative from the Fatah.

????

President Abbas is from Fatah (he's literally the party Chairman) and he was elected in the 2005 election and has been President of Palestine since.
And anyone still supporting Putin is condoning an offensive war, this is like saying I am not racist, but I vote to return slavery.
Hamas won in Gaza because, of the Political arm won hearts & minds. Ppl forget to separate the political & military divisions. In Gaza, the Political division runs welfare, food banks, schools & other aspects of public administration. Fatah, even when they were there didnt do any of that shit! Plus, Hamas is seen, for all their murderous acts, as freedom fighters by many Gazans. Fatah is well known by Palestinians for corruption & being ineffective! Thats the real reason why Abbas has refused new elections, despite blaming it on Israel! He knows how deeply unpopular he & Fetah are! The Palestinian ppl want real effective change & hope from a new generation!
It is frightening how the media dictates these things.  Anyone not willing to do simple research can be polarized in an instant.  When rational objectors enter the conversation they are cast as terrorist sympathizers.
Show me where only 14% of Brits supported being in the EU, or the only 14% of Americans that wanted an alternative to Trump?

No one is saying to strike civilians stop trying to strawman arguments, 

Everyone is responsible for their actions and supporting the idea that all Jews should die and Israel should not exist has in fact consequences.
>The poll found that 53% of Palestinians believe Hamas is “most deserving of representing and leading the Palestinian people,” while only 14% prefer Abbas’ secular Fatah party.

Do you not know how to read?
Ok but there is a very big difference between Palestinians in Gaza and those in the West Bank.  Those in Gaza overwhelmingly support Hamas.  The Fatah government in the West Bank are also enemies of Hamas but have Israel inbetween them as a sort of buffer.
Where did you get that? Make up stories for other people, bud.
I understand what Hamas did. And, I understand Palestinians are celebrating, but Israel is still running lawless throughout the region. When the underdog, anything looks like a win.
When your original elected leaders are ignored, silenced, attacked, killed... and your family, your son, your mother, your neighbour's are dying around you.. and even if your child survives you'll never be able to show them where you grew up because it's all rubble now. You can't send them to school, their clothes are stained with blood, you can't even make sure they have clean water to drink...

Wouldn't you back the only people that fight back? I know parents that would walk through hell, do anything in hopes that their children, grandchildren and their children and their children's children don't live through what they have. You go tell these people that choosing the evil that might free their children in the face of an evil that wants them dead is wrong.

Palestinians are humans... who the f*ck else would you have them side with? The world ignores their cries for help, any actual officials they try to elect aren't acknowledged to speak for them.

This isn't some woke moral debate with a black and white answer. Desperate people make desperate choices and you have no right to stand there judging from your safety.

Please practice compassion, they're no different from you and me.
Could you supply a link? I don't think that is true.
What were their choices exactly?
Most of you have heard about the case only this year 
For decades, Israel has been killing and bombing homes, carrying out several genocides, gradually seizing land, exterminating several towns and villages, and thousands of Palestinian families who have literally been wiped out of the civil registry. 
All this is under a media blackout supported by America, why didn't anyone talk about this? 
Every year we see several children or what remains of them buried every year at least hundreds of funerals, and most of the time there is no funeral, but a mass burial because the graves are full and mortuary refrigerators
You really showed your colours huh.. I was hoping you were genuine.

I'm defending the PEOPLE. Not the COUNTRY. Russian people are not evil, Putin is, many of his fake politicians, generals, and higher ups are evil people. War brings out evil people because it's easy to hide your vile actions behind war. It's very bad faith to claim I'm defending Russia when I very clearly explained I meant conscripts and made a parallel to how people dehumanized all the soldiers because of the few, as people like you, it seems, dehumanize all Palestine because of the actions of the few (hamas).

You didn't properly read I don't think, but that's okay because you made a very odd veer into Russia again? For no reason?
Good point though, the iron dome is indeed purely defensive and excellent at it. Isreal also refused to help Ukraine build one for their protection. Just a side note.
But let's not pretend Isreal simply leaves its dome to do work. They routinely fire state of the art rockets into a defenseless, Iron domeless, Palestine. Guess how many of those hit their target? 100% add to that the frequent, documented (at risk to and at times at the cost of the reporters life) brutalization of Palestinians by the IDF. 
But you don't wanna talk about any of what Isreal has done, you won't even acknowledge a little. I think I know why, but let's not make assumptions.


Yes, like every sane person, I sure hope you side with Ukraine. Again, disingenuous to state that as if my view is any different.

You're sorry to inform me? That's great news and again, no one wants anything bad to happen to Isreal. You're literally making things up acting like it's otherwise.

I don't want Isreal to disappear, the Palestinian people probably want Isreal to be held accountable. You know.. with like, reparations for the inhumane actions taken against them for decades. They want freedom and safety. 

You're creating a strawman because if all they want is to be free, Isreal is terrible. So you need to create a world where Palestine wants to wipe Isreal off the planet. You do understand that the level of lying you have to do to justify what's currently happening accidently highlights how awful Palestinian people are being treated. Because it seems like you know that Isreal want Palestinian people gone.

So instead, you project it back onto the oppressed who have no voice or power. 

I see no further productive conversation with you but I wish you well if life as a fellow human who is complex and capable of growth.
Correct, nothing more need be said when you're that critically wrong. Best of luck.
Most of you have heard about the case only this year 
For decades, Israel has been killing and bombing homes, carrying out several genocides, gradually seizing land, exterminating several towns and villages, and thousands of Palestinian families who have literally been wiped out of the civil registry. 
All this is under a media blackout supported by America, why didn't anyone talk about this? 
Every year we see several children or what remains of them buried every year at least hundreds of funerals, and most of the time there is no funeral, but a mass burial because the graves are full and mortuary refrigerators
You are disgusting hypocrites.
Elaborate on these reasonable claims.
Totally disingenuous. You cannot believe this.
[deleted]
But it has blockaded Gaza, turned it into a giant open air prison, and every now and again when the Palestinians get uppity it gets bombed back to the stone age.

If you grow up in a situation where your hospitals, your schools, your home is regularly bombed and you have no future, you might have a different opinion of things.
[deleted]
Most of you have heard about the case only this year 
For decades, Israel has been killing and bombing homes, carrying out several genocides, gradually seizing land, exterminating several towns and villages, and thousands of Palestinian families who have literally been wiped out of the civil registry. 
All this is under a media blackout supported by America, why didn't anyone talk about this? 
Every year we see several children or what remains of them buried every year at least hundreds of funerals, and most of the time there is no funeral, but a mass burial because the graves are full and mortuary refrigerators
All I see is disgusting hypocrisy.
Palestine is doomed to destruction. They have been, and now it'll just speed up as the rest of the world cheers it on. They're all gonna die
When you let your mind revolve around lies and your only credibility is a small phone in a small room with no exit and no opinion other than what is reported by the false media with double standards
First, these graphs and statistics are only approximate and do not reflect the actual number.
You question the validity of the extermination of villages and towns and the displacement of their inhabitants as if you were a human being who lives there to see and know the blessings of Israel has attacked schools and villages dozens of times, killing and displacing their inhabitants. The rest, and many villagers, were killed silently without fanfare, and any journalist who tries to cover this will be attacked.
Did your notification tell you this?
Every year, at least 200 Palestinians are killed, including at least 10 children, without mentioning how many children and women have been abducted and imprisoned for years, whose parents still do not know what happened to them. Your media, sources and investigations didn't tell you about this, did your media, sources and investigations tell you what also happened in 2014 and 2021?
You are also saying that if Israel had cut off food and water years ago, all Palestinians would have died, and this shows that you have only heard about the issue this year, Israel treats Gazans like prisoners and suffocates them. Economically and in the media, and if they revolt and express their opinion, they will be suppressed by force, and in the worst case, supplies and water are cut off for a week several times and then supplies are restored, and this is repeated
You speak like a person who knows nothing and always looks at Israeli narratives, and lies in everything that exposes your hypocrisy, as Biden did when he brazenly said that he doubted the veracity of the Palestinian casualties in Israel's bombing of Gaza, so the Ministry of Health in Gaza prepared a list of 7,000 dead with their names, information, phone numbers and home addresses and sent it to him.
Without mentioning that there are currently 1,500 missing under the rubble
I can go on and mention the crimes and violations and what is happening to the population from the atrocity of the number of immigrated and the nonsense of your data and analysis but I am tired and tired of explaining something clear the nationalist fanatic
[deleted]
>Weird. It's as if the Palestinians and Israelis have been in war for...a long time...odd

They're not at war.

Gaza is a prison camp. It's a genocide, not a war.

Exterminating prisoners isn't a war

Prisoners lashing out doesn't make it a war.
This is the way
Again, did you read the graphic? The death toll already IS in the thousands, just not on the side most people seem to have a bias toward. 

Annihilation of an entire nation is not what I want to see happen, but you can’t pretend like Israel hasn’t been wantonly killing Palestinians for decades.
Your zionism was reborn by an attack carried out by Hamas yet you can't understand why Hamas exists in response to violence and apartheid carried out by Israel?
That's who is governing . 
Britain was occupying the land just like Israel
No. Israel was gaining around 50% or more. This is when the war happened. Also, after the war, land loss didn't stop. Israel continued to chip away the land slowly. Last year, Israel was kicking Palestinians out of their houses and taking over assets. The "teacher" didn't do much, and the issue was moved to the observer (UN), and no concrete action was taken. 

It all boils down how the policies were implemented and the decision to just carve a new country just like that. I think the move was deliberate in order to keep the region constantly drowning in war.
> and making for a far tinier, strategically hard to defend Israel. They were willing to bite that bullet. 

they were literally being given half the country. what do you mean "far tinier". you make it seem like they were just taking a small part of (historical) Palestine
Most of you have heard about the case only this year 
For decades, Israel has been killing and bombing homes, carrying out several genocides, gradually seizing land, exterminating several towns and villages, and thousands of Palestinian families who have literally been wiped out of the civil registry. 
All this is under a media blackout supported by America, why didn't anyone talk about this? 
Every year we see several children or what remains of them buried every year at least hundreds of funerals, and most of the time there is no funeral, but a mass burial because the graves are full and mortuary refrigerators
If Israel wanted peace, why was it carrying out secret genocide and forcibly removing land? 
And do you expect someone to come to your house and demand half of it?
Im literally asking a question. Spastic lol
You know, at one point, the arab powers were much more powerful than Isreal, and tried multiple times to wipe them out right?
I really don’t think I would. I would consider Hamas a terrorist organization, backed by Iran, who has clearly stated they do not want Israel to exist.
That's not a "cop out". Palestine is the one that started the wars that led to this eventuality.
This isn't a hypothetical... at one point, the jews were the weaker party in the conflict.
>OK, but Hamas is raping women and children civilians so....

Yes, they do. 

That wasn't his point. 

His point was, that I and you most likely would have acted like the people that are now Hama's if we had lived a similar life.
There's no conformation of widespread rape occurring. It's all speculation.
As did the Russians. As have nearly every warring group since the dawn on civilization. It's not okay, but it's far from just a Hamas thing. The only thing that has changed is our ability to see it happening halfway around the world.
Hamas rapes women and cuts off children's heads is the biggest lie promoted by the Western media without credibility, and this nonsense was really denied 
You didn't see and we didn't see that. All we've really seen is Palestinian children and women being killed every year, captured and tortured. 
Most of you have heard about the case only this year 
For decades, Israel has been killing and bombing homes, carrying out several genocides, gradually seizing land, exterminating several towns and villages, and thousands of Palestinian families who have literally been wiped out of the civil registry. 
All this is under a media blackout supported by America, why didn't anyone talk about this? 
Every year we see several children or what remains of them buried every year at least hundreds of funerals, and most of the time there is no funeral, but a mass burial because the graves are full and mortuary refrigerators
Uh, no.  I'm pointing out that the violent zionist immigrant crusaders that perpetrated the Nakba raped women and children.

I'm certainly not cheering that.  WTF?  I'm not cheering hamas, I'm pointing out hypocrisy.
They're doing a pretty shit job considering the population of Palestine has quadrupled since 1970.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I love how people think they are immune to the psychology of their social situation.

You'd be just like them. Get over yourself. You'd also be just like the Israelis.

We are all human and we kinda suck at getting along.
>justifiable morally and logically.

Pretty sure I never implied any such thing, so no.
> And if you want violence to stop, it needs to be the people who resorted to violence from the beginning. Because even if the other party who is retaliating decides to stop the violence, they still have to put up with the offensive violence thrown at them, and then the cycle continues anew.

Okay. Do you think the Palestinians were pushed into Gaza/West bank with flowers?
We see it.  It's just marketed and branded to us differently.  Most Americans either don't understand or are gleefully ignorant of the atrocities we have committed.  Even going back to the Iraq war.

The Gaza strip is essentially Oklahoma.  Which was promised to the Native tribes would never be encroached upon.  Americas rallying call was "taxation without representation".   The colonists were more than happy to call themselve British patriots until they weren't allowed to participate in their own governance.  That did not stop the courts from ruling against the Natives at nearly every turn, while also not allowing or recognizing representation from the tribes.
It's a misconception that Assyrians were unusually cruel. They were incredibly cruel and they would brag about it, but other contemporary empires were doing the same things.
Who is trying to justify the attack?  Am I happy it happened, no.  Is it something that any reasonable person can understand, apparently not.  Gaza is not all of Palestine, and they don't necessarily represent all Palestinians.  It is under control of a minority faction, and many of them live in fear of their own heads of state.  They are a people boxed in like an animal in a cage, while the people who were given their land 70 years ago continue to shrink that cage.
The word “unprovoked “ is highly questionable .
"Independence" while half of their land is stolen
> and many times since then. 

Israel has also blocked peace many many times so stop pretending this is one sided.
Instead of realizing the dream of Israel and Jews eradicating them?  I am sorry but negotiations are not held in good faith when one side vehemently rejects ceding their land but it is forced upon them anyways.  

Zionist councils always saw the partition as a stepping stone for Jewish expansion.  The Arab committee rightfully saw it for what it was.  Palestinians were brought to the negotiating table with a knife to their throat.  Then Israel pulled a history and started with British imperialism and parlayed that into American expansionism while being aided by both.

It takes two sides to negotiate in good faith.  The Arab state was never given that chance.
That's just completely untrue.
Not true.
What a rational statement.
um...you do know that gaza is one of the most densely populated places in the world right? and israel controls who goes in and out. so where exactly are gazans supposed to "leave" to? i'm sorry but your comment is almost laughable
I was totally wrong about fatalities, still skeptical about rapes...
Curriculum varies a lot from state to state tbh. I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of people didn't learn it in school.
People who don't know the first fucking thing about American education always have the strongest opinions about it. Very reddit.
That's literally the same thing with my own ancestors, the people didn't change, the country did, which is exactly what happened, back and forth multiple times over the centuries.
“everyone I don’t like is a nazi”
You’re clearly anti semetic, if anyone here is a nazi it’s you
The cope
You’re a Nazi. Fuck off nazi
It's a report from untrustworthy private group...,
Their job is to sabotage activity of UN and hide inconvenient truth or numbers for country like Israel or Russia.
Fair
You wouldn’t be living then.
And I really think if you’d survive they’d brainwash everybody into thinking it was the right thing to do
But your values would be different if your country was under control by nazi regime.
That’s not true they don’t say that in the charter

How kind of the Israelis not to commit genocide, we should applaud their morality
>The Israeli military could annihilate Palestine in a week if they wanted to.. they wake up every day and decide not to do that..

They *fucking do.* 2,000 a fucking year for 70 fucking years. 10s of thousands lost in conflicts where Israeli casualties are under 200. Short of the actual gas chambers, it is one of the most constant & effective genocides this side of Asia.

>Meanwhile, hamas has in their charter that they want to kill all jews in Isreal.

No they literally actually fucking don't. Where the hell are you people coming up with this shit.
More of a state than Palestine is lol
Dude, all the hatred that the Palestinian people feel towards Israel was caused by the Israelis themselves, that is the reality.

None of this really needed to happen, the Israelites have been committing massacres for decades and now they are paying the price. that simple.
I think as usual the overwhelming number of innocent victims will be on the Palestinian side: the threat matrix is capability times intent.  Hamas had limited capability but massive intent.  Israel has unlimited capability and limited intent prior to the attack.  

Now Gaza is going to be leveled and nobody will tell Israel not to do it, because what would they do in the same situation?
Do you think their attack is unjustified? Do you want them to just stand by while they are slaughtered forever?

Their goal is to reclaim territory that was unjustly taken, and they will fight for it
Israel has the military capacity to flatten all of gaza. If you think all is truly fair in war, then Israel has the right to do what it deems necessary. I would prefer the public’s energy be spent on getting Hamas out of power so the people in Gaza stop suffering.
Very weird that the good guys also kill civilians en masse.

I dont care what values Israel has if one of them is the systematic destruction of another nation based on their religious history which apparently entitles them to kill arabs.
Palestinian Jews, the direct, current descendants of the Jewish people of antiquity, are also among the imprisoned in Gaza.

Ethiopian Jews, excited by the future of a Jewish nation for themselves immigrate to Israel & are sterilized by the state.

So the Jewish homeland doesn't belong to indigenous Jews. It doesn't belong to black Jews. It belongs to _____ ____. We have a very incendiary word for that in the West.

Also seeing as you're *extremely* excited by the ancestral birthrights of people groups stretching back 3000 years, I can't wait to join you in our replete dismantling of the American South & assist in seeing its wealth changed from the White ancestors of slave-owners to Black America in the form of unpaid wages for slavery. 

That was only 150 years ago. 

I cannot wait for your help proctoring the return of multiple suburbs, cities, & military bases built on land that legally does not & has never belonged to the US back to Indigenous Americans, cannot wait for the you to stand in arms with Water Protectors & Indigenous Environmental groups as they attack & repress the ability of Oil & Natural gas companies to build on their lands. We can count you as an ally for Hawaiian independence: we should make a pact never to vacation there ever until control of the tourism industry is 100% in Indigent hands. Could you help us demolish Mount Rushmore, as it is not on American land & was illegal to build in the first place? Thank you. These & other injustices things occurred in aggregate only several hundred years ago, & are still ongoing & extremely local. I appreciate your support.

While we may disagree about this one area: I admire your dedication to seeing people worldwide restored to what is theirs, with no statute of limitations on how far back their claim actually goes. It is inspiring to me. I only believe these things because I think they are right & just, & potentially necessary for the continued survival & success of America & wider Human civilization, it seems like your support for all these things, unilaterally & without exception as you have intimated, is much more principled than mine.
Yeah right, Israel’s president said the literal opposite
Do we really wanna dive into all the arabic states that wanted to eradicate them?

Only to be pushed back and beaten? Be the bully, get Beaten, cry foul play. What a great idea...
Apparently it isnt her house. Maybe the Palestinians shouldn’t have lost the war they started after forcibly expelling the Jews from their land.
Actually Lebanon and Jordan both tried to help and took in lots of Palestinians. The Palestinians they took in responded by murdering their king and attempting to take over their government because they weren’t cool with the whole “eradicate the Jews” bit the Palestinians do.
yes they have, but Palestine want to wipe out Israel, hard to negiotate then. On the other side I dont like the Israeli settlements. But as a whole I think theres no one to cheer for here or have any sympathizes for
Plenty of Palestinians living in Israel territory. Even being Part of politics. Hamas just shits on basically all of that resulting in more and more tensions. It's not Israels fault they don't come to an agreement
It’s cheaper. Stupid not to. US government right now pays DOUBLE per citizen on the existing healthcare system than any other country on the planet. Look it up.

It’s half price to implement universal healthcare.
Long story short pretty much. Except you don’t really need to ‘fund’ universal healthcare since it costs less overall.
We did the same for Iraq. Why wouldn't we, it's way cheaper and effective.
Someone on Twitter said Hamas is about to find out why Americans can't have healthcare
It's not true.

America provides billions in free " coupons" to our weapons manufacturers.

Only death, no life.
That's because the medical lobby can't make money from foreign countries so dgaf about it. 

Big Pharma and Big Med would have kittens if the government threatened their record of record breaking profits.
The U.S. makes more money from its current healthcare system
The US funds healthcare all over to include the Middle East and Africa. I mean the whole of Britain is the size of Texas or Alaska. That aside if it’s actually being funded for that or not is another question, I know recently they wanted to send a couple million to Iran for “gender studies” yes the country that believes that women are sub human will deff use that money to study gender.
Universal health is NOT cheaper LOL
You don't have to because it's not true.
Yes, from the other group...
Sure, but the US Military's funding for it isn't offensive, which was the point above. The Iron Dome isn't the same as "artillery."
4000 is not an incredible amount of rockets. Cruise missiles? Yes. Unguided rockets? Not really. If you want an example of incredible amounts of ordnance dropped in a modern military campaign go read about the pre-invasion bombardment of Iraq.
I've literally watched 100's of videos of IDF soldiers shooting children and laughing about it so...

https://countthekids.org/
Better eradicate them then, only way right?
That’s extreme. Almost as extreme as trying to take all their land. The only way this will all move on is via facts and not religious claims - from either side. All the extreme things need to die down and somehow both sides get time to show respect for a peace process… again.
They’re recognized as such because we biased westerners / Europeans decided to label the opposition to our ally as that. I don’t care whether they’re good guys but I know Palestinians are indeed oppressed, Israel is run by settler colonialists, and Israel is killing and harming way more then the other side is.
The United Nations has repeatedly found that Israel is committing war crimes. The forced relocation of civilians from their land is a violation of the fourth article of the Geneva Conventions.

There are over 695,000 Israeli "settlers" on Palestinian lands, out of a total 4.923 Million people in Palestinian. 14%+ of those who live in Palestine are literal perpetrators of *identified* war crimes.

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israeli\_settlement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israeli_settlement)

&#x200B;

There are an approximate 20,000 - 25,000 total members of Hamas.

And Israel is blowing up Palestinian neighborhoods with bunker busters.
The IDF sometimes CANNOT operate with regard to Arab Muslim civilians living in Gaza due to terrorists operating within their own civilian population.

I fixed the reality for you.
Those giant red bars on the Palestinian side all combatants. (/s)
And [journalistes ](https://youtu.be/Ljze1ilGgJk?si=9n1JAKq1ixs3M60t) and [kids](https://youtu.be/p0dQVA5vwwo?si=pSL2RbMUHuDhtAkD) and [old women](https://youtu.be/XFy4lzaB8jc?si=9KpJNmhLFHbpYpup). And if you dig deep enough, you will find some cats and dogs in the mix.

But if you call them terrorists, everything is A Okay. Nothing to see here. Just a couple of terrorists... Israël  is competing with cancer and heart disease for the first spot on the "causes of death for palestiniens", but again ... nothing to see here.
I'm not goung to try and convince you. As you can see deom the down votes, it's a lost cause, and frankly I don't care. Just watch the videos of the the massacre. Watch how they treat the hostages. Small children and women. Tell me how you'd feel if that happened to your family. How would you deal with it.
Ahh yes, a barrage of 2000 missiles at night firing at random on cities is totally safe and will do just minimal damage.
What does it prove exactly? What part of these were combatants and what part women and children?
Citizens are, especially when they are the target of an organized terror attack targeting them. You can say that and still not think highly of Israel's policy. Let me know how you feel when you see you own people slaughtered on TV.
You'd probably just prove to people that their perception that Israel has turned Palestine into a horrible Apartheid hellscape as correct.
Dude I know it's a lost cause, but what you are ignoring the other side. I remind you that for 5 years it was a living hell. Terrorists exploded themselves in cities. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civilian_casualties_in_the_Second_Intifada
are you being sarcastic or no? this is a terrible take either way. both sides are in the wrong. they both bomb civvies. that's it. nothing more to it.
a crude weapon of the same yield as an advanced weapon does the same thing. so no, not really.
so they weren't firing 280kg rockets at israel in 2014? (they were, jsyk)
They have ordinance that large, they don't really have much of any of it. Don't play into those dumb arguments the guy *knows* Palestine's military capabilities are a joke compared to Israel, dude doesn't give a shit he's just doing the fascism thing.
Nazi. Nice Russian bot name too. Just a coincidence I bet.
Remember you said that, Nazi.
Israel has a greater ratio of enemy combatants to civilians killed than Hamas.
Feel free to cite them.
How was the resource gap between the US and the Vietcong? Who won that conflict?

Just because they don’t have the same level of tech doesn’t mean one has stones and one has ray guns. You painted a very skewed picture.

Also an unguided rocket is real “primitive” right up until the point where it lands in a fucking elementary school.

Also paragliders are super effective when you’re using them to MASSECRE CIVILIANS IN A SNEAK ATTACK.

Go suck a terrorists cock.
In most cultures, militaries don't bomb enemy combatants when they're using child hostages. Israel isn't most cultures.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
Where did Hamas claim they wanted to kill all Jews? Or genocide? Would like a source.

Btw, it’s not crazy, if Israel crushed Palestine, not only is that pushing on all the international laws and illegal atrocities they are already committing, but it would be grounds for war by other countries. Such as neighbouring other countries, especially Iran. Russia and china would have to support Iran because they would not want America or Israel anywhere near the Caspian Sea because that would hurt their interests and supply routes. That moment could Literly start another world war. 

Hamas was founded in the middle 2000s, israel has been admittedly raping, killing, evicting, torturing and humiliating hundreds of thousands of Palestinians for 70 years.
Yeah those stupid fucks should really just lay down and shut up while being kicked out of their homes and enjoy theyre walled off gheto as good dogs. Maybe even bring some flowers with them as a house warming gift
Which would happen right back to Israelis if groups like Hamas had their way. The issue in both countries is how to weaken the far right (Hamas/parties like Likud) so that anything other than just 'we must fight to protect ourselves at all cost' style policies, which beget genocides, can emerge. It would have to happen in both Gaza and Israel, though, and against the political whims/wishes of the major external backers of Israel and Hamas, aka places like the USA and UK, and Qatar and Iran, so I sadly think peace is almost unattainable in the foreseeable future, as frankly a lot of Rubicons have been crossed. Still the best chance for a lasting peace is likely flipping major western democracies to an Irish level of political consensus, rather than a US imperialistic one
teeny hospital caption steer command hobbies ludicrous squeal absorbed bedroom

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
So what? That’s what Hamas is actively trying to do here. Their goal isn’t to get their land back or whatever, it’s literally the extermination of the Jews.
I never said there's equal blame for how we got here, I'm saying that Hamas are awful and their rule over the region would be catastrophic. Israeli apartheid policies over decades have absolutely helped foment this conflict though
Half of Palestinians supports Hamas.
Definitely agreed, can't say Hamas doesn't have it coming after some of the things I've seen
Where do you think Hamas recruits? Palestinian civilians suffer at the hands of Israel, this fuels aoutrage and anger, so they join any group that they can that opposes Israel. It's impossible to separate the civilians from Hamas because they're both angry at the same actions. 

Tbh I've no idea what to do here, but I would suggest maybe Israel should stop wiping out entire city blocks filled with civilians just because Hamas is there too.
Israel is also a terrorist country if we’re going down that route. They’re basically doing the same thing, with the US government backing them and doing it in the name of “Security”
Considering how horrendously the conditions are for Palestinians, I can’t say I blame them for voting in militant, extremist barbarians to “represent” them.

You push any people’s that far with no end in sight eventually they will resort to doing what they’re doing now.

What really bothers me is that people act like this comes out of nowhere and they’re just attacking Israel for no reason or because they’re Jewish.

Sure, that’s *part* of it, and that’s definitely what the other hostile nations are saying, but the reality is that Israel is an occupying regime that has been in active state of ethnic cleansing for decades.
How would you know what the people of palestine value? You and everyone else around you have been ignoring the palestinian people for decades while the israelis have been committing genocide backed by western nations who want a non arab ally in the middle east.

And nobody wants to touch israel because of judaism. Its sick societal cowardice endorsed by western propaganda. Fuck Israel. Fucking colonising imperialist scum backed by imperialist scum from the states. 

What would a Westerner know of true democratic values?
Precisely. This war since 2006 has been a political war between the Hamas and the Fatah (who runs the West Bank and refugee camps) along with Israel fighting the Hamas because they won't freaking stop launching missiles from Gaza.
Hamas won a plurality in the 2006 election. This was almost immediately followed by a civil war within Gaza and Hamas taking absolute control. There hasn’t been an election since.
Ouh, is it because Hamas attack israel so they are called terrorist? Haha Palestinian just need to keep losing to Israel. Without the need to defend themselves..
Palestine is not a country.  and thats part of the problem.  There is an apartheid, Palestinians are basically prisoners of israel.  


Israel leadership likes Hamas because it gives them cover to do more genocide agaisn't the palestnians.  Israel has no desire for peace they want the Palestinians do all die or leave.
Forget it guy. Anyone who screams "genocide" at Jews, when Palestinian population has massively gone up, and they have a huge obesity problem, isn't going to listen to facts - no matter how well you put them together.
[deleted]
Yup, indeed. Don't know why the downvote thou? Is what I said even disputable? Genocide denying should be banned, no?
you are a psychopath
Yeah I bet it is higher, the issue is I was never defending Israel I was commenting what Hamas did yesterday. Both are obviously horrible and is why I don't really have a "side". Never did I say they shouldn't have attacked Israel or that it wasn't warranted, but they made a clear demonstration of their capabilities to carry out coordinated attacks. Why didn't they do that against military targets or infrastructure? Why did they have to go door to door murdering innocents? So yeah both sides are bad but hamas also deserves every bullet shot their way after the things I saw.

You seem to like to compare this situation from Ukraine. I think that's a null comparison considering Ukraine is actively holding the majority of their country with considerable momentum and the possibility to win the war. Of course they shouldn't surrender. But hamas is much worse off than Ukraine by a large factor.
It’s because Palestinian refugees completely destabilized Lebanon , attempted a coup in Jordan, and became collaborators to Iraqis in Kuwait
There is audio of Hamas forcing civilians to stay in place after Israel has "knocked".

Likely for propaganda purposes, which has obviously been effective.
No, they Arabs had nothing against Jews. Jews even used to live amongst them and some Arabs even helped them during WW2.  
Arabs still don't have any problems with Jews. They (and any decent human being) still don't want Palestinians to be oppressed and have their lands stolen by Zionists.
Fuck off with your lies. Israel still controls entry and exit to Gaza, limits sea access and destroyed the airport.
The way that the Brits created Israel is quite literally why Middle Eastern islamic countries are so antisemitic nowadays. Most historians will point to Muhammad Rashid Rida as the originator of modern muslim antisemitism, who himself became radicalised during and after WW1. Prior to that, relations between Muslims and Jews was essentially the same as in Christian countries. As in, relatively benign with occasional pogroms whenever a scapegoat was needed. Obviously, that's not great, but my point was that it was much, much less tense than now. Since Jews were "people of the book" they were held in higher regard than pagans or atheists.

I personally blame Great Britain for pretty much everything concerning jewish and muslim relations nowadays. They could still have created Israel, but it should've been done differently, with some amount of thought given to the people already living there. There were designs for other locations of a Jewish nation, and I think if they went about it the way they did in our reality, it still would have ended up with Madagascarans/Australian natives/South Americans/Chinese/whatever turning much more anti-semitic. 

The muslim world can become more mellow some day, there's nothing in their genes that would prevent them from eventually normalising with Judaism the same way Christianity has, but for that to happen the Israel-Palestine conflict has to end, and that's in Israel's hands, Palestinians won't just magically stop being angry about losing the land they live in and their loved ones. You might not expect this from me after the wall of text, but I think Israel totally occupying Palestine might be a way to end this once and for all without genocide. Israel needs to invest in Palestine and create enough economic development and a sharp upturn in living standards to garner the respect and trust of the populace, and for that, they'd need control of the area. Good administration and upturns in living standards is historically the most surefire way to pacify an unruly area or people. Obviously, that would also require the cessation of apartheid and the seizure of Palestinian homes and territories. And this would be a long project, which would mean contending with both: remaining hardcore Palestinian nationalist terrorists that won't even be swayed by good living standards; and the hardcore Israeli nationalists who can't bear the sight of an Israeli government aiding Palestinians in any way. But after Palestine has been economically developed, a two-state system could be attempted, with extremely strong economic ties, obviously, as Israel would need to get a return on their investment. But Palestine would benefit, too, as they'd have a guaranteed major customer for whatever goods and services such a future Palestine would be specialised in. But that's my pipe dream, I doubt this'll end without a huge loss of lives for the Palestinians and the rise of a much more authoritarian government in Israel...
funny that you're blaming it on islam

Palestinian christians are even more nationalistic than the muslims
why would they accept a partition plan and get kicked out of their lands that they lived on for thousands of years? just because some europeans decided so?
Would you give up your home, land, and watch your fellow countrymen largely have to do the same because the UN told you so?
Easy to say when Israel gets enough funding to do both while Palestinians barely even get anything
You should Google "Israel bombed schools". Just one attack from many: https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/30/world-disgrace-gaza-un-shelter-school-israel
The Israelis largely immigrated from Europe. The middle east was much more welcoming to the Jewish peoples than most European nations even after WWII, up until the nation state of Israel was created.
don't change the subject, we're talking about palestine not the middle east
Which government? Hamas is not a government. Or are you referring to the Palestinian authority? They're also pro co-existence.
No, but also the settlers in the US committed genocide and killed the native america population en masse to the point they could not fight back. They stole their land and it took decades or century's for land to be returned to them, small parts for a few tribes.

When the invasion of their lands first took place they did fight back. 

Now consider this; we are in 2023, the native america population started being reduced in 1472 and they gain civil rights in 1968, even now not all of the bill of rights applies to them. 

The Israeli-Palestinian situation was only created in 1948, 75 years ago. So making comparisons between these two sets of people does not work.
Reading comprehension: F
Israelis go to prison if they refuse to join the IDF. 

Colonialism is a structure, not a event. History is full of colonized populations liberating themselves after tens and hundreds of years. Palestine is hardly the only ongoing liberation struggle happening right now. That's why they have the support of the oppressed masses of the world. This isn't some vague, isolated question with no answer. Oppressor nations make rightful enemies of the ones they oppress, and the resolution to that is decolonization.
Israelis have raped and assaulted Palestinian women for years. Sexual assault after being incarcerated without due process, settlers doing so with the protection of security forces. Not to mention that the IDF purposefully targeted children to rile up the populace. 

Did you ever hear about the story of the four boys playing soccer on the beach in Gaza getting blown to smitherins ??

Israel is evil. Now that people have decided to pay attention to the conflict, now that the Palestinians are retaliating, is sad, frustrating, but not surprising.
"if i dont steal your home someone else will"  
is a perfect encapsulation of israel's stance in all of this.  
they have total power, they have zero compassion, they want everything, they are willing to use violence to have it, and they will employ flimsy transparent excuses to justify it

they are not sympathetic victims
And Hamas kills unarmed women and children then celebrates. It seems like they were made for each other.
>muslims didn't "steal jewish land", the region was controlled by the Byzantine empire when muslims took control.

Lmfao Jesus christ. And how exactly do you think they took control?
No one is going to convince religious extremists Israel has a right to exist.

FFS no small portion of westerners are of that opinion.

Israel isn't gonna trust you, Palestinians aren't gonna trust you so stop pretending to be capable of fixing it.

Seriously what has International intervention actually solved in MENA? At best you helped fight back ISIS and even that is debatable.

This isn't a problem anyone except Israeli and Palestinian leadership's can end.
One Jewish settlers left, terror acts only multiplied, didn't they?
[deleted]
This discusses building homes. Not demoloshing them.

Nice googleing there, genius.

Your not going to find example outside terroristls homes.
First you claim that Hamas Terrorist are fighting with stones, now your making a strawman argument about children who were throwing stones at soldiers. I don't condone the killing of children and that should'venever happened, however you must recognize that Hamas is shooting rockets from civilian buildings and using civilian shields to say; 'Look - THEY'RE the bad guy!'. 

Were the Hamas Terrorists using stones when they *gunned* down numerous innocent civilians and then rapped women at that festival? Mind you, some who are now kidnapped.

https://www.tabletmag.com/sections/news/articles/israel-music-festival-massacre-eyewitness-account

https://www.opindia.com/2023/10/hamas-terrorists-israel-music-festival-massacre-260-killed-shani-louk-women-raped-near-dead-bodies/

https://abc7chicago.com/hamas-israel-war-attack-gaza-strip/13879559/
Only if the international community don’t give a shit about justice and human rights.

Israel can bully and kill. But only because it’s got support from the US government.
It would be if nobody in the world helped them protect themselves and everybody supported Russia instead.
I mean kinda sounds like your saying “might is right” if Russia can take it. Then everyone should just be cool with it.

And if Ukraine was to retaliate with an insurrection because they lost their home - they are the villains.
why yes I do actually. [The Balfour declaration, ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Balfour_Declaration)  was the building block of Israel, after which, the British colonization of Palestine began and exported  Jewish settlers. immigrations to Palestine began flooding in, and was growing exponentially after funny mustache man did his thing in the 40's, closing to the 50's Israel was formally declared to be a state, effectively granting the right of return to any and all Jews to come and have a home and a place in Palestine, while at the same time displacing and ethnically cleansing the natives of the land. That's pretty skimmed version of what happened up until the late 50's, early 60's, if you want to know more I highly suggest reading about it.
You really think 90% of redditors are smart enough to just ignore that blatant anti semitic propaganda?
Did I say Gaza? Palestinian land.
Ok, cool
Which seems to just be the norm these days. How many graphs I’ve seen recently where every line is thin af and some shade of blue
And animated line charts
True, but Israel does still try to influence global opinion through lobbying and [covert social media campaigns](https://apnews.com/article/israel-palestinians-social-media-fake-accounts-bots-bea114a2be8e0fcf73fcabc736047fd3). You're right though that the zisraeli population has been suckered in by Netanyahu's ultra-nationalist propaganda.
You mean the Israeli righ-wing agenda won in the famously progressive utopia of the middle east, where women are perfectly safe and totally capable of driving themselves?
Its funny how right wing opinions usually get downvoted on the regular on reddit

Yet when it comes to israel the right wingers get upvoted massively.
Western society is generally familiar with the concept of blowback. This isn't 1995.
Poll? I'm confused. I don't see a political poll here. I see a chart showing Israeli vs. Palestinian casualties.
Least obvious IDF account.
Granted, you can say a terrorist group are the good guys, just not Hamas.

It's not over for Palestine, not yet at least.

Israel fought multiple countries who couldn't fight their way out of a paper bag, the victory wasn't impressive.

>not just Israelies, but people from all over.

You mean dual citizens
It’s almost like you’ve ignored that graphic right at the top that shows that Israel has murdered far more people. Keep up with the bullshit though.
palestine was unihabited before colonizers showed up? never knew that
For reference, here’s a condensed history of the region:

Ancient Israelites - The land of Israel is the ancestral homeland of the Israelites, who are a Semitic people. The Israelites emerged in Canaan (modern-day Israel and Palestine) sometime between the late 2nd millennium BCE and the beginning of the 1st millennium BCE.

Kingdom of Israel - Around 1020 BCE, the Israelite tribes united to form the United Monarchy under Kings Saul, David and Solomon. This kingdom split into the northern Kingdom of Israel and southern Kingdom of Judah in 930 BCE. The Kingdom of Israel was conquered by the Assyrians in 722 BCE.

Babylonian and Persian Rule - The Babylonians conquered the Kingdom of Judah in 586 BCE and destroyed the First Temple in Jerusalem. Many Jews were exiled to Babylon. Persia later defeated Babylon and allowed the Jews to return and rebuild the Temple in 516 BCE.

Hellenistic and Roman Rule - Under Alexander the Great, the land came under Greek control in 332 BCE. The Seleucid Empire and Ptolemaic Dynasty later fought for control. The Romans took over in 63 BCE. Judea briefly gained independence before being reconquered.

Byzantine Rule - After the split of the Roman Empire, the Byzantine Empire ruled the land from the 4th to early 7th centuries CE.

Arab Caliphates - The Muslim Rashidun, Umayyad and Abbasid caliphates conquered the region starting in 634 CE. The land was ruled by various Arab and Muslim dynasties for over 1,000 years.

Crusader States - European Christians temporarily took control during the Crusades from 1099-1291 CE, establishing crusader states like the Kingdom of Jerusalem.

Ottoman Rule - The Ottoman Empire conquered the region in 1516, ruling it until World War I.

British Mandate - After WWI, the British gained control of the area from the defeated Ottoman Empire. The British Mandate of Palestine was in place from 1920-1948.

State of Israel - The modern State of Israel was established in 1948, declared by Jewish leaders as a homeland for the Jewish people. It has controlled most of the land since.

So while it’s true that Israelites did indeed control this land for quite some time, that was an extremely long time ago. So the Arabs called that land home for about a thousand years, were conquered by the crusaders for a while, then reclaimed the land for another 500 years. That’s been their homeland for about 1,500 years, which I think we can all agree is an extremely long time. And let’s not forget, the Arabs took that land from the Byzantine Empire; the Arabs didn’t take it from the Jewish people. They did nothing to the Jewish people to deserve to have their homeland stripped from them.

Not that it matters. Both groups need a homeland, and we need a way to do it without genocide. Unfortunately, there is no obvious way to make that happen, so we’re stuck in a never ending cycle of violence.
I'm not sure if that much LGBT were killed so far. But I know Israel killed 22 times more than terrorist Hamas.
They are worse in taking human life away. And this will be written in history textbook. And never take back the history.
Brilliant. You do realise there are Christian Palestinians too right?  Nope. Bring out the Islamophobia!!.
Maybe they could try to stop launching an endless barrage of missiles into Israeli neighborhoods, chanting "Death to all Jews" every day, keeping Hamas in power, digging tunnels to sneak in and kidnap civilians, and undermining every single effort Israel makes to try to offer concessions and make peace.
Cringe.

“But guys, those were *justified* murders of women and children.”
There's some great videos coming out from the past 2 days that you'll get the same feelings from. Would you like the bloodied woman being dragged by her hair into a car in Gaza? Or the family clinging to one another in a truck heading to Gaza? Or the men being murdered in the streets? The people crying over their lost loved ones? Surely you don't have a bias and those will fill you with anger.
There is indirect proof. 

As I said, if someone is treating bodies of the enemy the way these animals are, they are very likely raping the girls. There is proof of that, but you'll have to find it yourself because it's extremely raw and gore

In the past, soldiers raped women already because they were horny. Now imagine what they'll do if they are horny and they hate them to such extent.
And they would be completely missing the point. I wonder if they actually believe that people generally would find war and deaths caused by wars are beautiful.

Edit: or cool
Saying it’s not “cool” ruins the whataboutism they’re aiming at. You’re not supposed to question the semantics
They could stop shooting unguided rockets into civilian centers with the intent of killing as many civilians as possible, especially from schools, hospitals, and urban centers. Almost like they keep provoking the violence that leads to the death of innocent people.
They definitely fucking could have if they didn't go and bomb the shit out of Egypt with terrorist attacks while they were a part of it. They just couldn't resist murdering people, so the Egyptians didn't want them back along with the Sinai
They could.
They absolutely could.
Instead they spend all their money on constantly attacking. And building terror tunnels that cost millions. Building rocket launching centers near schools and mosques. They spend their money on weapons. They don't prioritize the saftey of their citizens.

Look up Mohammoud Abbas, he is one of the wealthiest people. And he is the leader of the Palestinians. Why isn't he spending the money to protect his own people. He doesn't. Because he uses them as casuality numbers for the media.

Literally for this kind of chart.
It shows he loves to use their numbers for this exact chart. And Israel spends everything for protectiing their people.

Look up the David Accords. Look up who really wants place right now.
The Hamas charter calls for the massacre of all israelis. They use human shields all the time, literally just invaded israel purely to massacre, torture, rape, beat, and execute civilians. If those trash wanted to "safely provide for their citizens," why do all of that?
I mean, good? But how does it relate to the number of casualties? One of the points of that diagram was that there is a skew in the number of dead people on each side. You can’t just say “oh, they launched a bunch of rockets, but thank god we intercepted them. Now it’s time to kill a bunch of their civilians”. Right? Or you think that’s a justifiable answer?
Iron Dome was introduced in 2011. The data show that in terms of casualties things have remained relatively similar on the Israeli side - barring 2014, which was abnormally high on both sides. Meanwhile the number of Palestinian casualties has generally been higher since the Irone Dome, though more pre-2011 data would be useful for this.
[deleted]
I said pebbles not rocks 

If I grab some sand and throw it at you, it will not harm you. If you “stand your ground” and hit me with a Glock 45 that’s not an appropriate response.  It’s fatal.
Yes Israel is directly responsable for the success and popularity of Hamas within Palestine. For a long time Hamas was the closest thing there was to a standing army within the region at a time they were getting bombed to bits. In my opinion this is absolutely crucial to understand.
But that's not the point of the data at all,such actions could never be justified. Why it's healthy to see in my opinion is because a large number of people pivot in the other direction and immediatly paint Israel as victims/good guys who handled the conflict in a proper manner and now sadly had their hand forced by some evil terrorist state. 

It's not justification, it's needed for ignorant people to understand nuance. You definitely jumped to some conclusions especially around the claim that this post pushes an "actually Israel is more violent " narrative
> from relatively minor injuries 

Required medical treatment from professionals. Sure, you can call that minor? (*shrugs*)

>of a particular type that comes from clashing with police force.

So? Says nothing about whether the civilians attacked the military police, or the military police attacked the civilians. 

>The data can be interpreted differently....(blah blah blah)

You can interpret it however you want. The graphic just provides the actual numbers.
>Can data be cherry picked to support certain points? Yes.

You answered your first question.

Anyway, what makes cherry-picking so effective in propaganda is the lack of informed people. I'm sure you know this already, but "can it be identified easily?" doesn't ask the same thing as "will it be identified easily?".

Most people are ignorant about details of any political thing, even if it's their political thing. The bar of evidence is non-existent. You can tell people anything and they'll usually believe you. Politicians hardly even need to appeal to their voting bases now, they just tell them what they want.

A piece of cherry-picked data along with that is icing on the cake. The non-existent standard of evidence is surpassed by the smallest effort and the crowds of idiots cheer.
They can’t because the percentage of civilian casualty and fatalities are in the range of 50-60% for both sides. Critical thinking is so *powerful.*
I love when fascists call other people Nazis.

You don't even understand your own position.
I mean 50 Palestinian children were killed by the IDF in 2022

Guess that'll be included

Just an FYI. If the last three years are included, it makes it even worse for how Israel look. Yeah, this recent monstrous action is a very high body count on the Israeli side. But these past few years have been exceedingly monstrous by the IDF
I know it off the top of my head, and it doesn't favor your argument.
how is that a bias?
Yeah.

The Military Industrial Complex is TOTALLY the good guys!
https://crsreports.congress.gov/product/pdf/IF/IF12040

Over 70% of Congress supports the sixth of a trillion dollars of aid in the form of weapons, money, and training.

Not much else gets supermajority support...
>their own autonomous government

Israel hasn't permitted elections in Palestine since 2006:

https://apnews.com/article/hamas-middle-east-elections-religion-government-and-politics-e88636bc919f8aab455e01fbbd4b4391

And even when Palestine's government has been recognized, they've been blocked since 1967 from taking independent actions (like trading with other countries) without Israeli approval.
[deleted]
look at this "irregardless" ass mf
That's not bias. It just shows that a lot of Palestinians have been murdered too so you're mad lol
I'll repeat once more

>but still denounce the horrible actions of Hamas

No one is justifying rape, murder or torture of civilians.

Nuance is dead apparently.
Are you really trying to with a straight face say that given the current situation unfolding that someone just decided to post this out of the blue?

Of course not. They are presenting this one statistic divorced from any context as a way to frame the current conflict. 

I imagine you probably didn't think too highly of rightwingers posting the crime statistics by race from the FBI. Even though it's "real information".
Well, at least you admit the Palestinians are gangs. Kinda hard to act like the terrorists of Gaza are “innocents”.
You're kind of a piece of shit,huh ? He could absolutely reveal himself to people and stop all these conflicts,if he cared enough. So either he doesn't care, he's not powerful enough, or he doesn't exist. I know which one has the most convincing argument
Then why make us rebellious?
I'm sorry WHAT ?! List some of these secular wars please
But he was supposedly God,so God made them sick in the first place,just so he could show off and heal them. What an egotistical prick he is
Yes the problem lies in the design. Time as well.....
Entropy is a physical phenomenon do not mix it with religious believes please
You think they're fighting over lazy border design???

Please, just go read up on the issue before saying dumb shit
I stay away from the twats on twatter.
Who did? Israel? When did they do that? Palestinians did that shit if I am not mistaken. I am talking about American support to Israel.
Why does Egypt also block them?
How can they get their land back when it was never theirs? They never had a claim to it. They never had statehood. It’s not their fucking land.
Rape and murder? Source please? Because we all saw it happen in real time to Israelis.
Sure. Then by that logic this people can't be surprised by or complain about the amount of hell that will be rained down on them.
>Someone who's underequipped isn't necessarly incompetent lol.

Not what I said. They aren't incompetent because they are underequipped. They are incompetent because they know they are underequipped and still attack the premier military force in the region.

>Israel is backed by the US, aka the best army in the world. It's stones vs drone missiles.

Exactly my point. They know that and still continue this nonsense. Either get better equipment and tactics or keep getting slaughtered I guess.
>Incompetence? They literally live in an open air prison, they have to smuggle weaponry in and assemble it. Israel has the backing of the west including all our high tech military systems.

Exactly why Palestinians (Only the Gaza ones so far. The West bankers seem to be more level headed) are stupid and incompetent here. Why would you try to fight such a military power in the region with what are essentially sticks and stones? What other outcome can one possibly expect?

>Israel is poking them by forcibly stealing their land. You have it the wrong way round.

Lol no. Israel can glass Palestine whenever they want. They aren't poking anything. If Hamas continues this type of nonsense, Palestine is finished. Yes the loss of Israeli life is absolutely tragic but it's nothing compared to what Israel will do in retaliation.
No of course not.  I'm just saying it's not genocide. People are losing sight of what genocide means if any combat action resulting in civilian deaths is an act of genocide.
Convenient you ignored the rest of my comment
[deleted]
And we only complain about it when it's justified, like in Ukraine.
That is the kicker, the taxpayers pay for the weapons from the weaponsdealer that bribe the politicians.

I wish that instead of this kind of corruption they could just pocket the money directly atleast then we would have a lot less weapons around the world.
Reminds me of [this scene](https://youtu.be/bJ-gDgkJABo?t=108) in Lord of War.
There is literally only one legal gun store in all of Mexico. 

American citizens buy guns in the US and sell them to the Mexican cartel but they are technically doing nothing illegal because of our ass backwards laws. 

Then politicians and citizens bitch about migrants coming across the border while we’re all collectively getting fucked by the rich and powerful.
TECHNICALLY 

taxes *do* fund universal healthcare.......

but it's israeli universal health care.
This is a false dichotomy. It’s not one or the other. One doesn’t prevent the other. They are unrelated and this literally started as a Russian propaganda talking point against the US.
This is actually a low energy trying-to-be-edgy take because weapons could be used for offense or defense, that’s up to the user
The US funding Israel and Ukraine is of our interests as Americans long term. A weaker Israel and a stronger Russia hurts the US.
because america is a welfare state FOR THE RICH
It reduces the number of deaths. It's better than sending waves of unguided missiles on cities without targeting the military …
I guess that Gaza lost what little mercy the IDF had for them when Hamas killed 700 civilians and kidnapped 100 more
And the Palestinian casualties are still many factors higher than Israels.
Yeah bro. Just notifying you that your house has been scheduled for immediate disassembly within the next 2 hours. We will not be held accountable for any loss of life since we are sending you this message in advance. Also we are not responsible for providing you with shelter either so you will probably have to sleep in the cold among the rubble. 

Have a great day! 

Do you get how insane that is? You are literally fucking filth.
Well they clearly need to warn a bit more, they've killed vastly more Palestinians lmao. A nice intent doesn't change the fact that the losses are so obviously disproportionate. Thinking warnings make you humane is wild.
That would explain a lot.
Learning the answer won't make me smart, I'm just a dumb fella and that's ok
if ~~millenials~~ palestinians would stop buying ~~avocado toast~~ rockets, they'd be able to afford ~~food and shelter~~ control over their own communication infrastructure grid
This is a myth pushed by the Israeli government to justify the fact they've killed so many civilians.
If Israel didn't need international support, they'd have kicked out or killed all Palestinians and settled their lands already.
They definitely are, but that is ignored by people who pretend they’re all alone with no allies
Except it’s a flying vehicle capable of visually dropping bombs on targets. 

It’s a drone. Military grade or not, it’s still a drone for military purposes
The comment you are replying to is supporting Israel and saying they have a right to retaliate.
Your comment is an example that even pro-israelis can misfire...
> Yes of course.

So in light of what happened with that, could you explain why you feel the Palestinians should return to trying to get a fair compromise?
There’s an output limit, and I asked it to give me a summary of the total known history of the people and governments and religions of the land of Palestine. Besides the missing gaps that I invite you all to fill in, it seems to have done pretty well. I mean at the very least, everyone should at least read the wiki and google the history themselves if they really want to be involved and learn about the ancient and modern history. My post was only meant to give a brief summary just to show how long and complex it is.

It looks to me like the land was once obviously not owned by an all encompassing government, like all
lands were back then. We had the Arabs and the Jews and Israelites and whatever ethnicities, and their Muslim/Jewish/Christian religions, in their own cities and towns. Then different people came and conquered them, Muslims won for a bit, Israeli Jews fled, then more people kept conquering and taking over, and the Jews were able to get back their old land, then Muslims kept trying to murder them from every corner, so eventually the Israelis captured more land of their fallen enemies that all tried to genocide them, seemingly first, according to history.

Both sides are wrong at different times. I’m not a total expert, that is just my current understanding. Again feel free to correct us all here and fill in any gaps. It’s best to know ALL the full details with more and more expert opinions based on all the facts that we can all share and interpret together. Then we can all vote and speak and petition together on the proper actions that must be taken to finally make them all stop fighting.
Oh no doubt that’s ChatGPT’s writing. Wherein lies our disagreement then? I thought it to be the reliability of these AI detection metrics.

My qualms are not with ousting AI ghost writers, but falsely doing so. Presently I find that these detection programs are unreliable, and the issues appear to stem from how they are fundamentally trained, by being fed large texts that without a doubt are human in their creation.

GPTzero, as you said to be even extremely good at detecting this, has its troubles. Albeit, 6 months ago in relevancy so perhaps it was tweaked since.

https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2023/07/why-ai-detectors-think-the-us-constitution-was-written-by-ai/
(The Book of Genesis at 88%)

https://nypost.com/2023/07/25/why-its-a-problem-that-ai-thinks-the-constitution-was-made-by-ai/amp/
(US Constitution at 96%)
Well it’s convenient to cheery pick history based on the narrative. You realized all the reference of wiki on Islam mostly comes from historian who is not a Muslim and usually on the opposite side of Muslim from historical perspective. Like major books of orientalist study are either written in France or German language and referenced in wiki or western academic. Where in the Muslim world, there are tons history books written in Arabic which some time ago was the main international language. West  conveniently “omit” those for sake of a narrative. 

Now regarding the Iran, I never said that Iran converted to Islam right away. Syria did . For Iran, It took time for sure and that because Iran was the second super power before islam. But the conversion did not happen by any mean by forces. Iranian Muslim ruled Iran . In fact many scholars and scientists of Islam comes from Iran. That’s the point. If they are oppressive for the entire time, the rebellion would have toppled the regime long ago. It’s freaking 1200+ year time frame. Iran had internal problem . But the force conversion is not one of them, as Zoroastrian still exist today in Iran. So how do you find “centuries of violence from Islam” not sure about that. 

Again “centuries of violence” is narrative from European( I.e. crusader historians) who don’t acknowledge Arabic historian work. And even today , from academic research of 21st century it is well proven that Islam is one of least violent religions of human history. https://rissc.jo/books/War-Peace-Islam.pdf ( summaries can be found in chart) 


So, sorry mate, your “ridiculous comment”  is the most bigoted and biased way of looking at the history.
Palestine is not Hamas.

Notice the difference? Israel didn’t declare war on Palestine they declared it clearly against Hamas.

Is it now unacceptable to voice support for the thousands of civilians and children that will or are now dead due to Israel’s bombings? 

Are you saying you cannot support Palestine? That it’s tacit support for Hamas? Super good faith argument brother appreciate it.

To be clear I think Hamas is fucking horrifying and they have abhorrent backwards ideals but to act like they’ve not been goaded and given ample modern reason to detest the Jewish people is dishonest. 

Nobody here is the good guy. Just because one is worse doesn’t make the other justified.
Hahahahahahaha
If that’s not their process, then why is that consistently the outcome every year? If they didn’t like that trade, wouldn’t they change their policy?
ok I agree with you here but isn't there a smarter way to get the weapons out? Why not sending squads in and getting the weapon? Why is this the policy they resort to? 

Also if thats case for bombing buildings with innocent civilians in there , than why do the IDF open fire on masses of crowds and keeps some palestinians in cages , like I have seen videos of this and it is vile. 

&#x200B;

Have a nice day
100% wrong.  The US was furious that they obtained nukes and it almost destroyed relations.  France is the one that initially helped them.
It was actually a joint effort with apartheid south africa. Apartheid countries stick together
Think about it.

If Israel wanted all the Palestinians killed, they could have done that already - no nukes needed.

It is always the terrorist gangs that provoke Israel and drag them all into a war.
>What I mean is that the IDF settles for retaliatory strikes

That magically kill more people every single time even though it’s totally not on purpose? Whoops I guess?

Your premise is stupid. Hamas fires 5000 rockets because they’re shitty rockets and that is how much it takes for them to do less damage than a handful of modern bombs/missiles dropped from a jet.

If you want to see what Israel does when the largest military in the world hasn’t yet subsidized their arms industry: see Irgun’s three day long indiscriminate artillery bombardment of Jaffa resulting in its ethnic cleansing
It wasn’t my comment, but he was explaining the power dynamic difference.

One side has very weak weapons. So they fire tons of rounds that don’t do much damage.

The other side has very powerful weapons. So they don’t send as many total rounds of artillery, but when they do send them it causes more damage than the all the weak rounds the other side is sending.

This was all in response to somebody who made the comment we should count the round of missiles each side sends as if that’s an equal comparison
> It has caused no harm.

Hilarious joke.
That's just so wrong it is funny but go on you
Incorrect, Hamas exist primarily because of the hatred of jews. There are many examples of this prior to the current status quo 


In the 1920s, there were anti-Jewish massacres in Jerusalem, Safed, Hebron, etc.

In the 1930s, the Arab Revolt killed hundreds of Jews.

In the 1940s, Palestinian nationalists incited the Farhud, a brutal massacre against the Jews of Baghdad.

In 1948, every single Jew living in East Jerusalem, the West Bank, and Gaza was expelled down to the last man, woman, and child. The Old Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem was completely razed to the ground.

The occupation may have radicalized many people, but it’s not the source of the general hatred Palestine has towards Israelis
There are many Palestianians who just want to be able to live where they are in peace, but HAMAS is not that. They literally use Palestinian civilians as human sheilds. HAMAS doing things like raping women, cheering over their dead corpses, and holding babies hostage in cages isn't helping them get the land back.
...You do realize the West Bank still exists, and isn’t involved in the conflict at all right?

Like we’re not talking about all Palestinians here, just the ones who live in Gaza under Hamas
Lol this graph is a skewed perspective of the situation of the Middle East death tolls in relation to jews. This Israel specific death toll isn’t without trying just because they now have the capability to defend themselves to reduce atrocities against Jews you’ll cry that it’s what unfair? Israel makes every effort to reduce civilian casualties while hamas goes out of their way to use their own citizens as shields including children. You’re on the wrong side of history.
You and me both know that the grand majority of people "returning home" had not had ancestors living there for centuries. It's as if Italy claimed all of the Meditteranean and most of Europe as part of their country because they used to be the Romans back in the day.
Oh I see you’re one of those people
Because you’ve blatantly excluded the full truth from your post, that’s why. You’re deliberately mischaracterising the narrative in a way that ultimately just harms Palestinians and Israelis
[deleted]
[deleted]
No? Half of Poland used to be ethnicity german up until the end of ww2. If germans demanded that territory back what would your position be? Most of turkey is ancient greek and Armenia land. Can they demand it back?
I’m saying it doesn’t matter because how long is long enough for the right to claim the land? That’s why I brought up Europeans since they’ve been there for thousands of years. 

It’s also just basic human conquest that will never end. Russia rolled into Ukraine and said “it’s ours now too bad”. Russia won’t return the land just because it’s rightfully Ukraine’s. That’s what I mean by it doesn’t “matter”, plenty of nations in land that’s not theirs. 

I absolutely agree with your disarm comment though. Egypt, Jordan, and/or Saudi Arabia would invade tomorrow if Israel didn’t have the tools for defense. Any aggression from Israel is met with 10 times the aggression from Muslim countries. But often times if you’re critical about Muslim countries and practices, it’s met with a bunch of downvotes.
Let’s apply nuance once  more. How can you relate the subjugation of black people where the impacts of slavery can still be seen to this VERY DAY, where white people still enjoy privileges that black people are denied, and where the last known child of a slave died in 2022 to the situation between Israel and Palestine? The Israeli people are not still suffering the impacts of those battles thousands of years ago and in fact are in a position of great power over the Palestinians. THEY ARE FIGHTING CHILDREN WITH ROCKS WITH MACHINE GUNS. Black people are still being subjugated RIGHT NOW. We are still fighting for basic human fucking rights. Comparing those two things is frankly abhorrent and you have to be a moron to believe the situation is even remotely similar.
https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20230223-us-supreme-court-declines-to-review-pro-israel-pledge-requirements/

https://time.com/4992101/hurricane-harvey-texas-dickinson-israel/

I can't seem to easily find the named legislation which... is kinda weird. If you find it let me know.
How do they even know I’m boycotting maybe I just think their products are shit or too expensive? Or do I need to buy a certain amount each month to prove I’m not antisemitic?
Yes, and it's their right not to use you as a contractor.
Pretty sure he meant the person you were replying to with the question
https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/the-intercept/

Left-wing bias, yes, but also mostly-factual.
Lol cope
Imagine believing this and not believing that you’re a fucking moron

Get a dictionary, dipshit
Potato potassium, more like

Fucking unrelated
You can do more research, but they exist. Currently being challenged in the courts I believe, but I'm still not comfortable with the fact that we would make school teachers sign pledges to ANY foreign country.
I didn't say that at all though lmfao???
🤓
It’s so weird how two people can look at the same news media and come to the complete opposite conclusions. The Israelis say the media is biased against them and critizsz them every time they try to defend themselves, the Palestinians say the media is biased against them and doesn’t report their grievances, meanwhile I reading about both points of view in the same media they’re criticizing.
The israel-Arab war happened because Palestine was taken away from the Palestinians. Wouldn’t you fight for your country if someone came and invaded it? 

Israel has kept none of their word when it comes to peace and two state solution as they upped their apartheid practices and increased their occupation on land. 

Have you ever wondered why are there Israelis in land A in the West Bank? no you haven’t. Land A according to the Oslo agreement belongs to Palestinians, yet Israeli constantly does raids and barricades people there making their life hell 24/7.

The UN resolutions are a joke to Israel. They have broken every one in the last 20 years. They even won’t investigate murders of press people like Shireen abu Aqleh. All because they believe their entitlement to land that once hosted Judaism 3000 years ago is enough reason to uproot people and kill them. 

Also the casualties of Black September does not even come close to the number of Palestinians murdered form 2008 until now. This year alone Israelis murdered over 500.. 100 of them children. Where the fuck did you get this information from?
As long as Israel as a country exists there will always be Hamas. Just know that. Both entities are directly related to each other. One is the terrorist who kills children and women by bombing their homes with F-16’s, and the other is a resistance group that fights with whatever thy make have.
It is horrible what happened to innocent civilians during the raid. However, this is what Palestinians go through every single day under the occupation. That’s why this operation happened, because they had enough.
I won’t into the history as it is clear how the state of Israel came into existence - with the help of superpowers USA and UK. I know my history well and I suggest you learn about how Palestine was taken and it’s people uprooted.
Lol. One side has data and facts and the other has well, I don't agree 🤣.
Don't have a dog in this fight (other than a desire for peace) but I do think it's absurd to believe that Palestinians deserve punishment for decisions made by people who aren't even alive anymore.
That article is devoid of context or supporting sources, and in any case is nowhere near as bad as the atrocities happening right now.
Lol Palestinians just slaughtered hundreds of civilians and paraded the murdered and raped body of a tourist through the streets. They could have accepted any of the dozens of peace proposals, but they continually choose war.
Yes because if Hamas can continue to fire with impunity then the casualties on the Israeli side would easily mount in the hundreds or thousands.

Also, the IDF normally warns the building managers in Gaza before they launch their strikes.  But very commonly the Gazan authorities would rather have more martyrs than protecting civilian life.
The other option being let them endlessly fire at them from civilian centers? Sounds like the civilians are responsible as well.
They have the option to not hide behind civilians.
The original argument being made was that missiles launched by Palestine shouldn’t even be considered in the situation because of the iron dome. My analogy was to point out the fact that just because the dome protected them doesn’t take away from the fact that there were fucking missiles launched at them in the first place.
So you're just gonna go ahead and excuse attempted murder because it didnt succeed?

Thanks fucking insane
Yes there is a different but both are very serious crimes and both go to prison.
The difference is very small
I love it. It went from they wouldn’t do it to well you don’t understand if you were them you would feel the same way. You were wrong grow up and admit it. Instead of trying to insult my intelligence on a subject I’m very well versed in.
In context, It kinda is though. When one is mainly anti-Israeli rather than pro Palestinian then you got to wonder what their motivation is.
Hamas could easily just stop targeting civilians with rockets. Sounds like both sides have the power to stop the violence
I completely agree it's evil. It's also evil to bomb those same locations knowing full well you're going to cause staggering civilian causalities. They are not "doing their best". They simply don't care. The type of munitions their dropping aren't exactly precision strikes

This is just one of those awful wars where there is no good side and everyone loses, but the US is helping to enable the bloodshed by supply Israel with weapons
The person who shoots at a child is worse than the person who places that child before them to try to appeal to the shooter's sense of humanity.  

Don't act like pulling the trigger while pointing a gun a child is not the more evil act.
I could say a lot of things here, but what shocks me the most is the statement that "the civilian slaughtering would stop if you'd just accept our one sided deal to get rid of your countries autonomy". There's no reason for Palestine to ever consider doing that
You do realize how densely populated that small region is??? The Palestinians literally have nowhere to go. So you would rather have 10000 dead Palestinian civilians instead of a couple of dead Israel soldiers. That’s very kind of you!
You can bring race into it as much as you want. I'm still not rubber stamping indiscriminate killings. 

I consider pro wrestling matches spectacles. If you consider slaughter of civilians as spectacles, I hope you can make the best of whatever else your diced domepiece serves up for you.
I think this bot is broken.
Well, continuing genocide on all Palestinians isn't the solution
>I’m sure the US did not mean to kill innocents as well

Intention is absolutely meaningless to the victims. All in all, the US came into the Middle East and made things extremely worse. Watching Israel attempt to repeat our mistakes is painful to see.
There is a video of a us soldier murdering a Childs parents infront of them
I agree, an entire group of people should not be stereotyped due to the actions of a few - though many Muslim governments are either silent or supportive when these groups commit atrocities - when reasonable Muslim voices become more prominent than the barbaric acts of terrorists, brandishing the religion as weapon to get what they want, that's when these attributions will quieten
Until these cultures stop breeding these terrorists.
[deleted]
> How convenient.

Yes, I'm sure it is a relief for you that you have to read less words. It must have been very stressful to think about how you would respond if I spent fifteen minutes digging up information for you to then completely ignore. 

>Not a myth. Are you saying that even without more and more settlers smallpox would have developed naturally and the same extent?

What does that have to do with intentionally spreading it...?

You're not even trying.
Nobody is forgetting shit there. We’re saying they’re replicating it somewhere else. Hurt people hurting people? Two wrongs not making a right That’s what it looks like.
Bulldozing neighborhoods, torturing kids, and living as second class citizens is "everything they want?"
> so we drop all pretense and just deny Israel's right to exist entirely.

Oh so you admit that it's simply established on stolen land.

Yes. In the way it currently exists, Israel doesn't have a right to be established over Palestinian territory. It can be established anywhere else that gives them land willingly or as restitution for shit that was done against them. Carve out a piece of Germany and give it to them in exchange for what they did, or maybe since American Evangelicals love them so much, they can establish a nation in West Virginia or Idaho.

Every example you gave doesn't include ongoing military resistance. The war was never over with the Israeli occupation and continues to this day, and the matter of the people involved and the refugees was never resolved. You have to resolve them, and once they accept then they accept that they lost their land and it's resolved then. Otherwise, they hold the claim for as long as they don't give it up (it's their homes for god's sake).

Just because the Jewish people deserve to have a homeland in the wake of WW2 doesn't mean it should be pried out of the hands of unrelated people. Britain and the rest of Europe still wanted to get rid of the Jews after WW2 so they dumped them, strategically, where there's going to be infinite turmoil to prevent the region from ever stabilizing. That's what the Brits did. 

The least Israel should do is offer very generous restitution to those people in exchange for what they stole to resolve the matter. But Israel literally doesn't think of them as complete human beings, so what do they care?
I might be wrong, but I feel like some people actually want America to be returned to the natives. Never mind that that would cause economic mayhem at this point.
Hamas may not be the only real problem- but it IS a real problem. They are exploiting gazans for personal gain.
Sorry, i’m not 12. Not going to tiktok.
But hamas IS corrupt. 

No amount of deflection by you can change that. 

Hamas is a bitch for iran. You must be proud.
When did it “defeat israel”? 


LMAO!!! Fucking pigs in dirt sucking off iran
Please do see yourself out.
What rhetoric? Their own people have no rights under them.
lots of them do yes, and lots of muslims around the world sympathize with that view (this is what it means when people say the occupation has been going on for **75 years**).
Always such a great dichotomy with Israel on here. When they do anything good it’s “performative.” 

“They warn civilians of incoming attacks? That’s just so they don’t look bad”

But then when there are unintended casualties it’s “look at Israel murdering civilians on purpose. They just kill as many as they can.”
As per the UN.

In the data presented here, “injured” refers to people who were physically hurt in a relevant incident and received medical treatment at a clinic or hospital, or by paramedic personnel on the site of the incident. This includes people who received treatment due to suffocation by tear gas.
Which side is the most "moral" doesn't mean anything to the innocents that are dead.
Join the bots and look at the clues. How did Israel’s advanced defence systems, some of the best in the world get completely blindsided by this? It’ll take some acceptance on your part, bur history tells us psychopaths will do all sorts of atrocities to push their agenda.
You’re not the only one, sadly. There is an advanced strategy afoot; one where civilians can’t be created like “human animals” and no ones exclaims fear of being tarred not inline with the shared view, optimism and support program.
Yes, I agree that the cat is out of the bag now. There are jewish people that lived in Israel for generations at this point. But just like we hold colonizing states like the USA and Brazil acountable for the native populations they displaced, Israel, as the ones who started this shitstorm, and the most powerful party, should be the ones to make the most concessions and start to treat palestinians a lot better then they do right now.
Ooooh so if I go to your house and "conquer" it I can keep it for me? Sweet dude!

Also, you call me a nazi... but germany "conquered" europe during world war 2... by your logic should they keep it? Was it fair for the french, danes, poles and everyone else?
LMFAOOO so you are not being disonest, you are genuinely a moron and hasn't read history

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_collaboration_with_Nazi_Germany
NGL, reading the claim that Jewish people helped the Nazis with the Holocaust is one of the wildest things I've ever seen.

What the actual fuck.
https://www.nam.ac.uk/explore/conflict-Palestine#:~:text=In%201920%2C%20Britain%20assumed%20responsibility,to%20this%20mass%20Jewish%20immigration.

Here is a bit of reading so.
I'm glad to hear you're doing well though.
So you believe the Palestinians should be killed indiscriminately because of this text? A threat written in text responded to by decades of genocide of Palestinians. OK. Got it.
https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/campaigns/2022/02/israels-system-of-apartheid/

https://www.hrw.org/report/2021/04/27/threshold-crossed/israeli-authorities-and-crimes-apartheid-and-persecution

https://www.ohchr.org/en/press-releases/2022/03/israels-55-year-occupation-palestinian-territory-apartheid-un-human-rights
You didn't answer the question
I'm for armed resistance, but the parading is wrong
What has happened since the 40s is entirely justified I presume?
People like you just casually ignore 70 years of oppression you only care when it happens to Israel.
At the end of the day, more Palestinians die. But that's not for lack of trying by Hamas. Israel just does more to protect their people. Hamas puts their rockets in schools snd keeps the kids from leaving so that they can whine the Israelis bombed kids. They shut down running water to apartments to steal pipes and make the bodies for missiles, then whine when their people die of dysentery.
Picture this: A group of Palestinians are launching *thousands* of rockets at civilian homes, and are intentionally doing so from hospitals and schools.

How do you stop these people from blowing up civilians while not killing any Palestinians? You're so hasty to judge, so surely you have your own solution, right?
Who are FUCKING ATTACKING THEM. How is it *this fucking hard* for you morons to grasp?

Ffs I’m leaving this idiotic thread. I’m losing brain cells by the second.
Because if you wait until a little jewish boy has his throat slit on video criticize the Israeli government, you aren't fooling anyone about your intentions.
>Whatever dude. Just because I can criticize **blacks** without hating them doesn't make me an "ist". It's a nuanced subject but as soon as you say any negative about them or validate **anti-black** ideas in any way you're labeled.

yeah
The irony of a literal nazi like you using this example is disgusting.
You don't know? 

According to racists you share a bed with, "black people" is in reference to "the good ones". They use [redacted] for the troublemakers.
Imagine expecting everyone else to use all of the same features you do. Sounds like a good feature for harassment. On a three hour old account, no less. I'm guessing you keep getting reported and have to make new ones from what I've seen so far. I've managed to hang onto mine quiet a while by not doing that.

Imagine trying to school people on reddit, but still coming here and making multiple rule-breaking comments.

>i bet you even like the redesign

When I just linked you an "old.reddit" link...
Ooof ableist asshole. Expected.
Whether it gets nuked or not we’ll just bring in slaves like you to build it again and again
Too pussy to say this shit on your main keyboard warrior
You're disgusting.  You don't care about rape and murder; you care only *whom* is raped or murdered.

You're on the wrong side of history.  Netanyahu and Hamas thank you for your service.
Oh stop with this. You compared these two without putting up front the numbers because the difference sounds bigger than a measly 1.1%. Then also, compare the populations. You think anybody asked Palestinians, who lived in that area for more than a millenia, for their stance on Zionists occupying their land? The same land from which, you strayed away from. What, were  you grandparents Americans, Hungarians, Poles? What about the generations before? Then ask the Palestinians. You Had no right to even be there ffs. And why? Because almost every country ran you out. You were mostly, unwanted. Denied. And then you wanted your state. A place where you wouldnt be judged on the basis of religion/ethnicity. Which you got.Not by the mercy of God, you chosen ones, nor by your own fervor, but because of the British governemnt and uncle SAM. And then? Then you  decided just to forget about that same treatment that fueled centuries and millenia of agony and sorrow for the jews and applied it to the Palestinians, but with much more modernised means and a systemic approach. Palestine paid the price for the historic treatment of jews. And they did nothing wrong, but live in their home for millenia.
". Just to understand your point. Rape and execution style murder is ok in this situation?"

Where the hell did rape come from? I'm talking about killing here. They see Zionists as enemies. If you support Isreal and the occupation it means you are the enemy. And don't tell me you're expecting them to invite them to dinner. Again we're missing context to what exactly happened which can drastically change how we see it.
Just like you assumed they raped her out of nowhere, I'm not gonna assume she was innocent.

"You mean the videos that started to come out on day 2 and look like horribly scripted tiktok videos?"
And what do you have? Hundreds of fake videos? Maybe one or two legit videos horribly out of context? Hypocrites claiming Isreal is suddenly innocent? Oh wait I wonder why you brought up nazis, it's not like you're implying hamas want to kill all the jews in the world not just the Zionists. Fuck off with that bullshit.
Yes Sherlock of course they want to eradicate Isreal, the colonists. What's new about that.
Continue ignoring all relevant facts. I don’t expect bigots to change their minds. Good day.
No, I'll happily denounce the settlements and every targeted civilian murder done by Israeli soldiers. But you just responded to a comment about terrorist attacks and your response was "What the fuck are they supposed to do?"

You'll have to walk me through what exactly you meant by that if you don't mean "Hamas has no other options other than going house to house raping, kidnapping and murdering civilians, parading their naked, broken corpses in the back of pickup trucks for crowds to spit upon."
Good boy! You really do deserve a treat! Shit, why the fuck do u even need the Torah, might as well replace it with the US constitution
Desperate
Ha!

Great projecting though by the way. That was a great effort on your part.
Yes. Go to Gaza and stay there pls. Defend your land. You're not wanted in democratic countries thanks.
Lol i am brown don't f**k with me ya'll Hamas sympathizerd should just defend Hamas and leave democratic countries alone. Thanks.
My bad, I thought *you* were advocating for that as a solution.

No rational person wants to see anyone glassed but there are some demons cosplaying as democrats advocating for just that right now.
You are missing my point.
They shouldn't have abandoned Judaism for nazism.  We have more Jews in America than they do in that wannabe reich, most of which rightfully oppose the shithole that Israel has become under netanyahu.
So why are people supporting Israel who have been doing that to Palestinians for...decades? Hell, Israel even controls *when* the people of Gaza go hungry because they control the land, sea and air around and on Gaza. 

But sure, the 2 million people living in Gaza that got killed constantly and stoned in Israel are the terrorists.
Can you show me a claim that the children and civilians killed by Israel were threats or *were warranted*?

Considering yknow. [Amnesty International literally spoke up against Israel's practices?](https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/campaigns/2022/02/israels-system-of-apartheid/)
> https://www.telegraph.co.uk/world-news/2023/10/08/hamas-scatters-hostages-gaza-deter-israel-invading/

This is behind a paywall.


> https://www.channel4.com/news/factcheck/factcheck-hamas-civilians-human-shields

Could you please explain how this article supports your point? Because if you take the time to read past the headline I think youll find it actually does not.
Prove it.
When you can't defend your point intelligently. 🤣🤣🤣🤣
The first part of my statement was "terrorist attacks on civilians is always to be decried." Decried means condemn.

Israel is absolutely a settler colonial power. Theodor Herzl, founder of Zionism, defined Zionism as settler colonial project for European Jews. From 1870 through WWII, Zionism was presented at various World Fairs and colonial expositions as a settler colonial project. It was presented as a solution for the "Jewish problem" of Europe — the Jews could all move to Palestine.

The slogan was "A land without a people for a people without land," the first part being clearly untrue as Palestine was in fact already occupied by Palestinians. In 1870, less than 1% of the population of Palestine was Jewish. By 1920 after decades of settler colonialism from Europe, Palestine was perhaps 20% Jewish.

[https://www.shs-conferences.org/articles/shsconf/pdf/2019/04/shsconf\_modscapes2018\_10004.pdf](https://www.shs-conferences.org/articles/shsconf/pdf/2019/04/shsconf_modscapes2018_10004.pdf)

[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zionism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zionism)
> you’d be tortured and murdered within minutes of your arrival to Palestine

I'd back up an extremist statement like this with 100% evidence, my guy.
Ah okay. So it's better to have one artificially created fascist state murder over 20 times as many people (during this period on the graph, let's not even talk about the nascence years) and then have them simply accept that.

I wonder how it's possible to actually be so racist, tormented and awful as you are.
You are missing the *exact* point of my comment. I replied to the comment stating that, seemingly, the only thing that mattered was that Palestine are terrorists and that context has no value. You just replied to me with exact evidence for why context has value.
Whataboutism. Pathetic
I live in the US. Yes we’ve stolen the land from the natives 100s of years ago but we’re not currently still in the process of stealing more of their homes and kicking them out of their land. Israel is. And yes, there are plenty of historical records of natives fighting back against the American colonizers. That is completely normal and justified.
This is such an absolutely excellent comment because it helps emphasize how out of touch you are :D

I am from Norway, which (mostly peacefully) gained independence in 1814 from oppressing Danes and Swedes. Two wildly incomparable situations. but, Denmark would be Israel. You know what was the outcome? Norway wanted our own independence, fought for it, got it, and proudly celebrate it every year since. Meanwhile, Denmark quite happily also retreated, lived ever happily within their own borders and there were no more warfare between us two nations.

This shows how geopolitics *should* be conducted. It also highlights how absurdly different the case between Norway and Denmark vs Palestine and Israel is, showing how Israel, or more specifically the West which artificially constructed it, have instigated this war. All they had to do was give independence, and land, back to proud Palestine.
They have been attacked constantly because their state was formed on land not theirs, land stolen from the Palestinians with the help of superpowers. There are hundreds of thousands of a Palestinians who were exiled and their homes taken, and instead replaced with settlers from Eastern Europe and other countries.
do you remember when israel was formed and they deported/displaced millions of people to make room for the "superior race", lol? fucking dumbass, of course palestinians hate israel
By outright bombing the terrorist? That's overkill. The IDF is a very well trained military, surely they could've just dispatched a few foot soldiers to raid his home.
I'm not a native english speaker. But I do not think this comment is coherent at all, I couldn't understand much of it. Not to mention the grammatical errors. You should probably rewrite it.
[deleted]
Netanyahu would never let you hit his amigos feeding his power grab.
so what's your solution? I would like to hear how you're gonna guarantee palestinians to return to their lands that they were expelled from
Both statements were about Israel right?
my point was that the occupation essentially started when the zionist movement began, and it was in full force by 1917 (before your timeline of events).

and that's literally what conflating means. Antisemitism and antizionism are two different things. One is racism, the other is opposition to the state of Israel. Just because you are anti-Israel does not make you antisemitic. There are many Jews who are anti-Israel, does that make them antisemitic as well?
Food for thought: [https://www.theguardian.com/news/2019/mar/07/debunking-myth-that-anti-zionism-is-antisemitic](https://www.theguardian.com/news/2019/mar/07/debunking-myth-that-anti-zionism-is-antisemitic) 

This is also informative: [https://www.hrw.org/report/2021/04/27/threshold-crossed/israeli-authorities-and-crimes-apartheid-and-persecution](https://www.hrw.org/report/2021/04/27/threshold-crossed/israeli-authorities-and-crimes-apartheid-and-persecution)
It doesn’t matter if they’re exclusively using human shields as their only tactic. They are using human shields frequently. Palestinian fighters are intentionally positioning some high value targets in areas that will hurt Israel’s pr. Here are examples:

Nov 20 2006 - Hamas encouraged civilians to climb the rooftop of a Hamas executive’s house, following the IDF’s early warning.

September 2019 - Hezbollah gives journalists a tour of missile factory under residential building

May 2021 - the associated press found that Palestinian fighters have intentionally positioned tunnels, rocket launchers and command and control infrastructure in close proximity to schools, mosques and homes

June 4 2021 - UNRWA, which is not known for its support of Israel, releases a statement saying “UNRWA condemns the existence and potential use by Palestinian armed groups of such tunnels underneath its schools in the strongest possible terms. It is unacceptable that students and staff be placed at risk in such a way”
We already are living the life, thanks, can't wait for hamas and their sympathizers to get what they deserve too. Already makes me giddy.
I'm an idiot and was confusing Hezbollah with Boko Haram.

I've changed my view on this.
Thanks
See my comment.
When people burn down city hall for “racial justice” innocent people also are harmed.
> Palestinian folks will suffer until they take action against the terrorist government in Gaza and they should.

Dont the Hamas folks use this same premise as their justification for what they are doing to Israeli civilians?
>Palestinian folks will suffer until they take action against the terrorist government in Gaza and they should.

Now that is evil.

Literally under a post showing the huge disparity in casualties and your suggestion is that they shouldn't defend themselves?
I didn't justify their deaths, I said what happened to them wasn't just cus of terrorists, Israel also killed them. You reap what you sow.
>Me: \*advocates against religious wars*

>You: "Be the fucking change you want to see".

No shit, kid.
> So the Israelis don't gang rape people to death and parade their stripped corpses to cheering crowds? And the crowds don't line up so they can spit on dead bodies?

https://www.timesofisrael.com/watch-far-right-israelis-celebrate-gaza-kids-deaths/
> Israelis have inflicted collateral damage, but never taken to the streets parading and celebrating the knifing to death of children

[What](https://www.timesofisrael.com/watch-far-right-israelis-celebrate-gaza-kids-deaths/)

>  nor used the naked dead body of a killed tourist as a hood ornament.

> nor used the naked dead body of a killed tourist as a hood ornament.

The idea that because there isnt a clearly documented incidence of this very specific thing happening means one side is less bad just seems silly.
> I agree this is bad and Israeli soldiers involved in such acts should be held accountable,

So what do you think should happen to the State of Israel? Which has allowed these actions to happen repeatedly for decades yet failed to even investigate them.

> To suggest they are equivalent is pretty messed up.

Just curious, but how familiar do you feel you are with the I/P conflict?
Its so odd how few of them get caught, isnt it? I mean, they investigated themselves and found no wrong doing so clearly its ok, right?
That’s generally how conflict works. Israel attacked Palestine by stealing their territory and homes.
As long as there is a military occupation of Gaza involving stolen land, I don’t think you can expect peace.
So because bad things happened in the past that means bad things must happen in the future. Riiiight. Good logic there pal. Keep dreaming. Africa and the middle east are unstable because of Islam, don't sugar coat it. Don't bother replying, I'm blocking you.
Wha what did he say that would lead you assume hes a nazi
Ok yeah true, Hamas did influence the statistic due to using residential buildings as a sort of shield, the problem is that one has to destroy missile launchers in order to not live under missiles, so, yeah, Hamas are pretty fucked up for using civilians as a shield for their operations
You’re trying to make both sides sound like the bad guys when it’s clearly not. Are your parents related or something?
Where did I say you were?
None of that has anything to with the war crimes that happened yesterday. Pull your damn head out of the sand. The Palestinian’s lost all remaining sympathy they had.
LOL they killed more than 3000 and Bombenhagel more than 2.2 daily …. U are worse than ISIS and Hitler is so proud of u kiddo …. Supporting a genocide is a crime in international law, I screenshot u and see u soon kiddo 😘
Do you really not see that everyone else is just as entitled to their very own opinion, same as you?

Now kindly piss off

And have a wonderful rest of the day good sir
You didn't answer the question. Why are you afraid, shlomo? You thought you could fool the goyim with your globohomo ideology shilling and get away with it?
Look at your original comment??????? What do you mean exactly, you just said the opposite
Eeeww we already have enough savages from Asia over here, no thanks.
Goddamn. Asking the real questions. I'm sure it's pretty similar to how text to speak would read it from your phone like if you were in your car.
Anyone can use them, they're just not going to because there are cheaper and more accessible alternatives.
Right one is way more serious. And I don't see deaf people complaining everywhere that they can't hear the sound of videos or can't listen to the radio. Unlike colorblind people always complaining about colors on charts. That's my whole point.
This mf spittin
Your post reeks of propaganda. Its an old and circulated picture. 

Isreally-fascists have been purposefully shooting kneecaps of children during peaceful protests. But somehow you missed that along with this picture but you're real quick to call it propaganda huh. Out of nowhere attack? Zionaz killed 48 Palestinian children this year alone. Before the attack began.

Plus you're not 'Cool'.
most of the deaths are going to be people not in any way involved in this. Not even the idiots that celebrated around the corpses

perhaps that is kind of the point of this "coolguide". There's no good guy™
> that tends to happen when you purposely slaughter and kidnap civilians

You get that Israel does the same right?
Which tends to happen when you oppress people to point of violent desperation under apartheid
you mean like Israel does?
Israel should have expected it then, really...
Israel commits daily war crimes for years. Palestinians commit a war crime back. Chuds on the Internet: “see this is why they deserve it!”
Most of the people who are about to die had nothing to do with that.
So what the Israelis have been doing to the Palestinians for decades at a genocidal scale lol? Did you happen to look at the chart this post is about?
Yeah I've been watching Israel brutally oppress the Palestinians for what feels like years on r/publicfreakouts
Everyone sucks here. There is no justifying either side. Or, an eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
Yes the correct way is to slaughter and kidnap them silently like Israel does 👍
[deleted]
A second Holocaust

Nothing less
No, they will do the same thing but not record it so they look like they're in the wrong.
So what do they do? they just have to swim for it?
Its probably a joke (Fox tends to be irreputable)
Hamas came into power in 2006. an oppressed population is going to turn extremist

for you to look down on them from your ivory tower, judging them in their desperate fight for liberty is repulsive
Sure why not but why hamas a terrorist group not israel? 

Do you not see who is killing who? There's literally a stats in this post showing it, and do look up how many kids are dead but then look up how kids were killed by israel.

You DO NOT occupy a land kill the people and when they retaliate call them terrorists and play the victim card and I have gut feeling just the 7 day war this is also something the Israelis have their hands on.. 

Here's a video see it maybe your eyes will open..

https://youtu.be/dy56Q1a0Flc?si=uM6zO4tz6SMmXNne
So how many Palestinians have to die to sate your bloodlust?
Yeah I know that's sounds duchey I trust this person but it could be wrong although he was right about the festival so that makes me a bit nervous. I'm hoping he's wrong.
Should change your name to angryanddemented my guy 😎
Agreed. It likely isn’t helpful for Iran or other fundamentalists getting involved either.
Well, Hamas would have little power if Israel treated Palestinians as equals with rights and not as pests to be eradicated.
So, you're saying that the populace by and large supports terrorists slaughtering civilians in actions seen Oct. 7, 2023?
Need some clarification on this.
Iirc opinion polling showed that it was day to day corruption and lack of basic resources that got people to vote Hamas
From what I remember, that one had people questioning the legitimacy of the results. You're right, they weren't in charge, but they had been attacking Israel for 20 years at that point.
And depending on h9w you look at this an argument can be made that either side is waging an offensive war
Yeah that makes sense.  It sucks for he Palestinians but they're just not able to control their government according to the standards Israel needs.

I think that Israel may need to dissolve the Palestinian authority because it's unable to keep control.
Who controls the media?
If you were caged in an open air prison that was constantly under air strike siege with no clean drinking water or consistent access to electricity it would not be a massive gamble to guess that you’d be mildly upset, maybe enough to support terrorists. 

If anybody were interested in NOT pushing these people to terrorism, maybe not bombing the shit out of them would be a start. And maybe providing things like access to clean drinking water and the like? People who live comfortably don’t tend to resort to terrorism, that’s more of a trait of people whose friends and family have been killed by air strikes.
[deleted]
Lol, direct your anger elsewhere, bud.  I always practice compassion, but thanks for the concern.

I was just correcting you as you don't have your facts straight x
https://www.iemed.org/publication/the-year-of-the-victory-of-hamas/
They won the 2006 Election in both West Bank and Gaza, the previous Government refused to cede the Government to a terrorist organisation, civil war broke out which Hamas won in 2007.   


Hard to play that "one side is evil and the other is being used by an evil organisation" when the population used democracy to elect that same terroist organisation.
They're being disingenuous on purpose, don't waste your time with them. 

This was their elected leader. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yasser_Arafat

This is how they treated the Palestinians elected representative.

"In late 2004, after effectively being confined within his Ramallah compound for over two years by the Israeli army, Arafat fell into a coma and died."

Gee I wonder why they felt they needed to choose a literal militant group the next time.
[deleted]
For one, both Palestinian and Jewish people have centuries of history living in that area.

And second, from the perspective of national ownership, before Israel came around, that land was owned by the British, who had to just kinda ditch the place after it took too long to figure out a solution. And before that, it was the Ottoman Empire, which... no longer exists.

So in this situation, keeping in mind that there were already Jewish and Palestinian people living there, how do you resolve that if not a two-state solution?
I believe, in a place where both sides suck, only one has ever said yes to peace while the other parades around victims like trophies lol
https://youtu.be/W4gDfSNMRx4?feature=shared

Straight from the horse's mouth. But yeah. Doesn't happen. Never happened. 
Hamas puts Palestinians in harm's way for the sake of their mission.
Yet you refuse to acknowledge the atrocities committed by Hamas and instead want to refer to propaganda / whataboutery arguments yourself. Lots of redditors have a lot to say about war crimes and Israel 'being worse', but refuse to recognize that the attacks by Hamas this weekend being an escalation of atrocity that the Israeli state has never experienced before. The security posture of Israel has to reflect this in its response. 

Hamas is going to be obliterated and Gaza will be destroyed. Thousands of Gaza's people have been celebrating the medieval parades of raped and mutilated prisoners of war, who died with every dignity being stripped from them. Israel has never paraded raped and mutilated prisoners of war from Gaza through its streets. When Israel reasserts force, many of those people who where cheering on their favourite 'freedom fighters', will feel some of the terror those Israeli civilians felt. I can't wait to see it. I'm glad that all of this moral hand-wringing will stay on reddit where it's meaningless conjecture. Reddit has decided 'Israel bad', because it's ultimately thousands of westernized contrarians who want comment karma instead of reality. 

I look forward to seeing videos of Israel's vengeance, which cannot be achieved in Gaza without substantial collateral damage and loss of civilian life, which is this context is a military necessity.
I would agree, and call that terrible, if it was completely one sided. most of what you mentioned here is reactive not proactive. I'm not confident any of that would have happened if they weren't firing rockets into Israeli cities indiscriminately. 

I do agree that there is no future for them going down this path, being known for slaughtering civilians at music festivals isn't a way to forge a future for your people. Especially when they have had other, more peaceful options in the past.
Gaza has other borders.  Their Arab neighbors, Egypt, also enforce the blockade due to the amount of weapons smuggling and terrorist activity led by Hamas
Did I say that Hamas was better or worse?

When did condemning rape become a partisan issue?
Responding to an 18 day old comment with a completely irrelevant post 10/10.

>All this is under a media blackout supported by America, why didn't anyone talk about this?

People literally talked about Israel and Palestine in my country for as long as I've been around. Palestine has enjoyed wide support, particularly from the left wing parties. 

I literally said in my last post that Israel is not a moral actor and that the IDF are horrible. Please read posts you respond to.
I always said they would wind up like Native Americans, shoved on to a few reservations. Then maybe in a couple hundred years everyone will feel super sad that humanity treated them like total shit. Except yeah, you’re right, they’ll probably just be completely wiped out instead and then we’ll still feel really sad.
I’m sorry to say my friend that you’ve also had your mind polluted by false media and false narratives. I can accept your statements above, but what I notice is that you talk about these things as if they happen in a vacuum. You’ve heard stories of Israelis attacking out of nowhere, but that’s just as false as saying the British bombed Germany in 1940s for no reason. 

The part you’re missing out, either deliberately or because your media bubble doesn’t tell you is, that tens of thousands of rockets have been fired from Gaza at israel over the past decades. They’ve been trying to blow up Israeli buildings and civilians. The israelis even had to build a missile Defense system to protect their people because of the non stop aggression. 

Try and use empathy and put yourself in the shoes of a people who are attacked constantly, even after ceasefires and peace agreements, the rockets started again. From a people whose repräsentatives are so full of hatred and violence that they needed to be caged in Gaza just to keep the israelis safe. And the proof that it was necessary was sadly shown on October 7th - as soon as the fence was open, Israeli babies and grandmothers and children at a festival were killed. A pure terror attack. 

It’s no wonder the Palestinians are seen as having so many fanatics and terrorists within their population, that even neighbouring Arab states like Egypt and Jordan won’t take them in. Israel needs to take precautions because if they don’t, they’ll be wiped out. To understand the situation, you only have to compare what would happen if Hamas put down their weapons (there’d be peace) and if Israel put down their weapons - they’d be wiped out.  The mindset of the two is completely different and it shows that Hamas is basically evil. There can be no peace until Hamas is gone, they’re too dangerous.
As you say, it's a complex situation with lots of context and history, which I can't wait for the IDF to explain to the next group of Palestinians they capture in a raid. 

The footage from the coming weeks is going to be glorious. Keep taking a moral highground on the internet, to defend your favourite terrorist group, and achieve nothing.
Hehe, "lashing out". That was some tantrum, alright. Hundreds of lives worth, even.
Cough cough 1948 cough cough. Just admit you don't know what the fuck you're talking about
Oh no. I’m not that simplistic. This is a complex geo political dilemma. I don’t fault them for resentment for abuse by the IDF .I’ve seen ifirst hand the way they brutalize civilians. I also know that Hamas and Fatah are no angels. I’ve seen them do worse things to their own people than the IDF ever did. Nothing justifies what Hamas is doing. They are knowingly bringing their own people destruction.
Hamas exists after decades of butt hurt by losers of a war. 
Palestinians wanted the destruction of Israel/Jews way before Hamas ever entered the scene. 
You fuck around and find out. Palestinians found out. Not sure what you think an appropriate response is when losing a war after declaring the death of your enemy, even if it's the last thing you do. 

Were you expecting some pleasantries and for borders to largely stay the same and for there to be no heightened alert?

Palestinians picked a fight they weren't prepared for, even with allies, and they found the hard way that Israel doesn't go down that easy.
So independent of the Israel-Palestine thing, what condition needs to be met for a governing body's presence in an area to not be an occupation?
Wasn't it more like a third or quarter? Genuinely. I haven't seen a 1947 map in ages and there's so much disinformation on the internet
"Spastic"? Are you a 14 year old in 2005? Grow up.
Except for 1948 . Every single war was on Syrian / Egyptian/ Lebanese territories. . Because guess what Israel has been occupying lands from these countries. .
When you read the history on the sites and leave the history in the books and manuscripts, it results in people like you 
The first to start the war were an Israeli gang that carried out a terrorist act in one of the villages and killed dozens of residents 
Egypt and some Arab countries tried to reach an understanding with the Jews, and the Jews demanded half the land, especially the important parts, and the war started, and the support of Israel was America and France 
In 1973, in the war between Egypt and Israel, Egypt defeated Israel and regained the Sinai region.
Hamas is not Palestine or the Palestinian people. They’re a bunch of asshole extremists who flourish in an extreme environment created and perpetuated for almost a century by the Israeli government. And yes, supported and funded by Iran, who found a bunch of desperate shmucks to fight a proxy war for them.
Most of you have heard about the case only this year 
For decades, Israel has been killing and bombing homes, carrying out several genocides, gradually seizing land, exterminating several towns and villages, and thousands of Palestinian families who have literally been wiped out of the civil registry. 
All this is under a media blackout supported by America, why didn't anyone talk about this? 
Every year we see several children or what remains of them buried every year at least hundreds of funerals, and most of the time there is no funeral, but a mass burial because the graves are full and mortuary refrigerators
Hahaha what absolute nonsense is this? Are you not embarrassed?
So what is this, a middle school playground? “You kicked me first”, “no, YOU kicked me first”? Croatians and Serbs are able to coexist, so are many other nations in a similar situation.
That's a motte and bailey argument and you know it.
And their point was, no, most people wouldn't end up raping women and children if put in their situation.

Hell, all Palestinians are in that situation and I don't think most are behaving that way.
Do they?
Has it been proven that Hamas rapes women and kids?
I would not rape and murder if I were oppressed and this pretend justification is a joke.

Palestinians rape and murder Israelis because *they hate Jews* and that is the only reason they do this. Not some justified revolution a la the French Revolution.
There are news reports of it. Along with videos of murder and kidnapping. 

Not sure Hamas has the moral high ground.
I don’t think other people also doing it makes it ok.
> Hamas rapes women and cuts off children's heads

Has been confirmed over and over. They’ve admitted to it. Nobody doubts this.
Oh we started the script. Here we go, killing them by thousands and stealing their homes isn’t bad now.
And Indias population is higher now than before the famines that the British caused. Guess those famines were a hoax
\*crickets\* from that guy
I shouldn’t waste my time with dishonest people like you, you even exclude the source (Tablet magazine) which is making the statement with no evidence.

And no, a quote describing judgement day is not evidence of supporting genocide you selectively moral cocksucker. The Israelis actively kicking people out of their homes is..

Waiting for your outrage at Israel doing this for fuckin decades.
I can understand these things, but unlike you I'm not going to hand wave them away by saying "most people might do the same in that situation"

I don't care, it's wrong.

Even if the universe is entirely deterministic and free will doesn't exist, it's still wrong.
Fair, but I don’t at all understand the need to bring it up in conversation then. Seems largely irrelevant to the greater conversation
They were pushed into Gaza thanks to the war that the rest of the Middle East enacted against Israel. You know, the war that Israel won. What should be surprising is that those same Middle East nations want nothing to do with those same refugees that they helped displace.
>Who is trying to justify the attack?  Am I happy it happened, no. 

In that case, you should learn from history too and wait till the matter cools down. This is not the time to discuss all that you are discussing. Because it only makes your words seem like propaganda.
lol... Nothing Israel does will convince anyone. The efforts to provide jobs, the efforts to integrate them into the Israeli economy, the efforts to normalize relations, the effort to improve and incentivize peace by providing economic opportunity, nothing matters. After all why should it matter.  Right?   


They are minorities everywhere in the world. So according to you, any effort they make to improve the situation is less worthy than the terrorists attempt to provoke them.  


Here read this to understand why Israel was a fool to believe in peace.  Any people like you should never be trusted.  
[https://www.reuters.com/world/middle-east/how-israel-was-duped-hamas-planned-devastating-assault-2023-10-08/](https://www.reuters.com/world/middle-east/how-israel-was-duped-hamas-planned-devastating-assault-2023-10-08/)
That's such a simpleton take tbh. They've been waging war on Israel for a long time. When you lose war, you lose land. You likely live somewhere on "stolen land" as well so maybe keep your crummy views to yourself unless you want to look real silly.
I mean how far back do we want to go with land is stolen? [Hebron massacre](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1929_Hebron_massacre)? Or Further? The Kingdom of Israel (or the Northern Kingdom or Samaria) existed as an independent state until 722 BCE when it was conquered by the Neo-Assyrian Empire and the The Kingdom of Judah (or the Southern Kingdom) existing as an independent state until 586 BCE when it was conquered by the Neo-Babylonian Empire?
Land that they stole in the first place.
They are not a nation, they do not have land
What exactly was the knife to their throat in that scenario? You mean the Jews didn’t have a knife to their throat when the same [Palestinian leaders that actively supported the Holocaust before](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amin_al-Husseini#The_Holocaust), which had ended just three years prior btw, were supposed to become their government? In the same region where Arabs repeatedly [massacred Jewish communities](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1929_Hebron_massacre)? Not to mention the seemingly overwhelming military force of literally all neighboring Arab countries? But Palestinians had a knife to their throat?

Yes you’re exactly right, the Palestinians / Arabs didn’t negotiate in good faith, because they believed they could simply invade and massacre all Jews instead of having to accept anything else. And Hamas does believe this to this day, which is why to the absolute detriment of the people, this conflict will go into another round.
The Palestinians weren’t offered independence under the UN partition plan and outright rejected it?
According to internal and foreign polls, over the course of decades, almost all Palestinians believe that terrorist attacks against Israeli and Jewish civilians are good and justified
Better than the zero warning Israeli citizens get from the thousands of missiles explicitly targeting them instead of military targets
Not for nothing, but who downvotes a correction?
Im Glad you are finding new ways to make the recent massacres and a regional conflict about you. The reality is and as wild as this is this conflict is entirely its own. It is complex despite what left and right propaganda will tell you. and it is not easily simplified by associating it with other conflicts or issues. 

The reality is Gaza is an open air prison, the wall is not apartheid, current case in point it is used as preventative measure so that things like the Massacres that happened dont happen, egypt is always ignored as complicit partner but it regularly prevents supplies from entering gaza and make life for Palestinians very difficult as well, everyones hands are bloody especially Natanyahus, there is no good guy, and this is a cycle that started before you were born.
You're in full support of the side of the invader colonizer that has killed hundreds of time more than the other side... And I am the nazi for point out this?

No, my friend, you're the nazi here.
I can assure you, the Nazis would never convince Jewish people that the extermination of their entire people was the right thing to do, and no one with an IQ higher than Celsius room temperature would agree with this take.
Not 100% of people fall victim to the ideologies of anything…
You are implying that they want to.. I'm pointing it that if they wanted to, they could at any time.. therefore, they must not want to.
It was in Israel's strategic geopolitical interest to show restraint before.  Now, it's not.  Morality has nothing to do with any of this, unfortunately.
>The Israelis have been trying to exterminate Palestine since 1947.

This is what they were replying to

>How kind of the Israelis not to commit genocide, we should applaud their morality

Nobody is saying we should applaud it. Just that they clear haven't been trying to exterminate Palestine.
Calm down buddy, freaking out isn't going to solve anything.
>now they are paying the price. that simple.

500 more or less randomly selected people have paid a price and at the end of next week there will be at least an equal amount of victims on the other side. And then? 

Another revenge, another retaliation, more death, more hatred.
This is just bullshit and I hate how this half knowledge is so widespread on Reddit. The hate for Jews in Palestine existed decades before the state of Israel. 

In the 1920s frequent [massacres](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1929_Hebron_massacre) against Jews occurred in mandatory Palestine. 

The Arab leaders of all-Palestine [literally supported Hitler](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amin_al-Husseini#The_Holocaust) in the Holocaust and committed to destroying the Jewish homeland and finding a ‚final solution‘ to the Jews in the Middle East just like the Germans did. 

When Israel was founded against the backdrop of not only those massacres, but the Holocaust in Europe and in fact the centuries of Jewish prosecution in Eurasia, all of the surrounding Arab states [immediately tried to invade them](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1948_Arab–Israeli_War) with the declared goal of destroying Israel and „driving the Jews into the sea“.

What you’re saying is just plain false, this hate has existed before *any* Israeli actions (apart from literally just existing) could justify them. And this isn’t the end, they tried again and again to destroy Israel.
I'm telling you it doesn't matter if it's justified in anybody's opinion.  The end result will be mass death of their leadership structure, rank-and-file, and civilians, and probably the dissolution of Gaza as an independent polity.  

If there were other ways to ensure their survival and opportunity, they are gone.  If they felt like there was no way out of their situation but death, they have indeed ensured that end will come to pass.  Their goal will not be achieved, and that's a matter of hard reality, not feelings or justifications based on historical grievances.  The clock started on a new kind of conflict two days ago, and that's all that really matters.
There wasn’t some recent escalation of attacks by Israel or anything like that. Hamas did this attack to scuttle the defense pact sought by Israel with Saudi Arabia.

The idea that there was a sudden need for self-defense is just laughable. This is not a way to defend yourself. It is a way to increase tensions between Muslim states and Israel.
"Rights" and "fair" and "deserve" and "morality" really don't enter into the equation in a scenario like this.  Hamas gave Israel carte blanche to do whatever they want to regardless of what I or anybody else think.  While I think it would be great if everybody could get along, that is not going to happen.
What religious history are you referring to? They have the right to defend themselves, so yes, they have the right to kill those that threaten to rape and murder women and children and vow to ethnically cleanse the world. Those people in this scenario happen to be arab. If Israel hated arabs, why would they have arabs in the government? Allow for arabs to have businesses? Own property? Have diplomatic relations with UAE, Saudi Arabia, Egypt? Attempt to establish a two state solution on multiple occasions? That doesn’t sound like a country that hates arabs.
Cool example of straw-manning. Love to see it in action. Very american to have an all or nothing view on things - No wonder the country is more polarized than ever. As with all topics, answers must be nuanced. 

Palestine was the name given to the land of Israel by the romans when they took it over to remove the connection with the jewish people - You’re referring to the same people under a different name. I have no knowledge of the sterilization to which you refer, so please share your resources so I may be educated (if what you claim is true). What is the incendiary word used in the US? The key difference is those in Gaza claim Israel as their property because of lines drawn in 1947 - if history takes precedent then 1000 bce trumps 1947. 

Slavery is and was disgusting and I can’t think of any way to rectify those injustices. Does affirmative action work? I support the growth of the Black community to make up for their inability to own land or grow wealth for generations. The most effective mechanism to accomplish this doesn’t seem like give everyone 10k though. What if my family never owned or participated in the slave trade? Should I have to contribute to the reparations fund? 

Reparations are an interesting concept - you seem pro-reparations. Care to share why?
If he said it, it isn’t true - But I highly doubt he said it. Send the link through though
Hamas wants to wipe put Israel, Palestine has not had any elections since 2006 so you now have an entire generation indoctrinated with the Hamas hate.

The whole situation is such a mess there is no solution.
>US ~~government~~ **citizens** right now pays DOUBLE per citizen on the existing healthcare system than any other country on the planet.

FTFY
When every phase of the health care prpcess needs to extract profit, clearly inflated prices are the only option.
And we're doing it for Ukraine. And these are just some of the countries that we actually know about.
[deleted]
Yeah exactly, why don’t we do this at home?
Why only for foreign countries? Why does a none US citizen get more right to healthcare than I? Who pays those taxes that pay for that healthcare for them.
Us can't have healthcare cause the US government sucks corporate cock and corpos benefit from private healthcare. Universal would be cheaper for the US government. The US pays more per capita than any other nation due to it's trash private healthcare system.
That’s pretty metal.
Israel Goes brttt
Seems like we pay for a portion but yeah couldn't find anything concrete.
It's easy to afford healthcare if the US subsidizes your military cost.
How *dare* Israel's world-leading missile defense system only protect Israelites!
It's subsidizing their defense, same thing as funding.

Edit: guess what they then have more money to spend on?
Think about the amount of money invested in rockets and how better the money sould have been used to help civilians.
oh yeah. So reliable. Doesn't say who does the killing. Doesn't say what ages define a kid. Doesnt day if any were firing guns at people when they themselves were killed. 

You know why none of the chart contain age and just say "kids killed" You'd be shocked at the age diferences.
That’s what hamas wants, yes, to eradicate Israel and everyone in it.
Dude just look up their publicly available stated mission/covenant/whatever they call it from when hamas formed in the 80s. Killing Jews is their mission. They're "recognized as such" because they are violent religious extremists who murder and capture and rape civilians (~~over 500~~ 700 CIVILIANS killed just yesterday) just for the fact that they are Jews. That is why they "recognized as such." It's not like they targeted strategic military bases or anything, just fuckin killed a bunch of families and old people in the street and kidnapped some tourists and raped some teenagers. Absolutely insane to defend this regardless of how the IDF has committed other atrocities in the past
No, we consider them terrorists because they use terror tactics and commit ethnic cleansings.
The IDF has sometimes attacked innocent palestinians, not often or as a goal like Hamas, but they are still a flawed organization.
Ah yeah, the US school of "everyone who is between 18 and 65 is a combatant".
Statistically the majority are. But even when using guided missiles, and going through roof knocking, sms calls, pamphlets, twitter/x posts, etc. You still cannot avoid all civilian casualties. That's the unfortunate side effect which there's only so much we can do without putting our own civilians at risk.

Not to mention the other side is well known for using human shields, which isn't even disputed anymore.
Idgaf who is killing who it shouldn’t be happening. It’s terrible and sad to see so much death in the world, the idea of using violence to stop violence is absurd. I don’t see Israeli vs Palestinian I see humans vs humans, your nationality, race, religion and whatever else has no bearing on me condemning violence. Both sides of this fight are willing to kill for their own personal gain and say it’s for the good of the ‘people’, what good does death and destruction bring to ANYONE?
Who said that? Oh wait no one did, you've just created a straw man to shadow box with.
If the IDF is only held to the same standards as a terrorist group, what does that make them?
This wording seems to imply that you think all adult males are combatants...
That’s a crazy way to frame this.
Dude, nobody feels sorry for Israel other than the other Israelis. This guide clearly shows the Israelis kill and injure over 10 times the numbers that they’ve had inflicted on them.
So you admit Israel has children's blood on their hand and Israel is full of terrorists?
Israel didn't turn them into it. They were given many chances to build a functioning society. Many peace deals, and plenty of money and other aid for development. We've given permits for Palestinians to work in Israel, up to 20k Gazans alone.

But every attempt at easing restrictions and promoting development has been met with violence and animosity. Yet even during heated moments we supply them with water, food, electricity, and other aid.

We used to give them balloons, and it was used to create incindiary balloons to destroy crops.
Just try and let me know OK? All high and mighty from your home.
No one is ignoring the other side. What Hamas fif the other day is fuckinh horrendous, draging people around is barbaric. However, given that their people are victims of a literal genocide ( i mean they live behind a fucking wall 200 meters away from homes that they probably owned for generations) i just acknowledge what led to this point.
Your statement was that a dumb 500 pound bomb killed as effectively as a "smart" 500 pound bomb.

My statement simple pointed out that dumb bombs don't tend to be anywhere near as effective.  It's much hardly to kill people when you have difficulty actually targeting them. 

In particular the Palestinian rockets are far more likley to fall "harmlessly" in the middle of a field than anything Israel uses.

Obviously either can have a "bad" day when they hit a blatantly civilian target. Of course one side of this would call a 500 pound bomb in an occupied classroom a great success.
Did you not even read my comment? The smallest payload ordinance is like 5-15lbs not 500lbs. This is putting aside the fact that ordinance that doesn't hit a valuable target  99% of the time might as well be a giant pile of money you're lighting on fire.
Hamas total membership is 20-25,000. The population of Palestine is just under 5 million. Just under 700k of those are "settlers", who are perpetrators of what the UN has repeatedly found to be war crimes in violation of the Geneva Conventions. 

Nearly every death in the visual of this post on the Palestinian side is civilian.
LOL, what a mature response. Might I suggest a laxative? It sounds like you have some shit you need to work out.

You’re criticizing my original comment, and then comparing jungle combat to desert combat, too. So that’s amusing. The US military was in that situation thousands of miles away from home, I might add. Palestine and Israel are in the same region and the conflict has been going on far longer than Vietnam. In both situations, you’ve got high death tolls on both sides. Nobody wins.

You stay mad that my comparison didn’t meet your standards, though, and jump to the conclusion that I’m somehow cheering on Hamas or whatever. It’s cute.
Most cultures don't have enemy militants slaughtering their people, who then run to hide with children. Or indiscriminately launching rockets at your towns. From right next to a hotel. You're right - Israel isn't most cultures.
They funded the side that killed more people total, and that side killed more people total because they’re the more powerful side and they’re doing whatever it takes to protect themselves. If they weren’t, they would be wiped out.
We spend on average 12% of our GDP on defense. Sure 10% is significant, but at the same time we employ soldiers to do things like teach children, help elderly, care for disabled, and more. If we needed to we could have a much more efficient military, saving money even without the aid.

We are the only democracy in the Middle East, so it's ironic that you call us a neo-fascist state when by definition it opposes democracy. But keep using buzz words to try and stir up hatred for a place you've likely never been in.
Then why haven't they done it.  It would be easily accomplished.  Even now, they are strategically striking.  Why not just use the excuse and carpet bomb all of it to rubble? Wouldn't that be easier than dealing with the bullshit.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamas\_Charter
No one says they need to roll over and capitulate, trying the same thing over and over again to the same results though says maybe they don't deserve their own nation. Just saying.
Well... Colonies in the west bank?
This is obviously historically untrue, just look at how Palestine has shrunk since 1946, while Hamas if it were a person would be a millennial (founded in 1987). This doesn't justify anything Hamas does of course, but Israel's apartheid state has existed long before now, and affects Palestinians throughout the region, not just Hamas in Gaza. Criticism of Hamas now should not come with historical revisionism regarding Israel's own abhorrent actions
So you think it's okay for Israel to kill and displace countless citizens of Gaza who had nothing to do with the attack?
The US military kills a LOT of civilians in its wars, and a lot of Americans support them, don't they?

Do they deserve to die too?

(To be clear: no they do not, just like Palestinian civilians don't either, just like Israeli civilians don't either)

Conflating the guilt of a genocidal nation's military with its people is fucking atrocious stuff. Please reflect and do better.
Quite honestly I never understand this take because

1) do you really expect people who's home are stolen and live in an apartheid state to not be angry and think "fuck those people" and think "I don't know anything except I support anyone anti Israel"

2) you actually believe Hamas is holding honest democratic votes and will perform a peaceful transfer of power if they're not "elected"

There's no way people can seriously consider Palestine as a full democratic nation. I mean hell the fucking US almost had a coup
I'm sure the Israeli missiles and bombs are smart enough to only kill the ones who support Hamas.
How do we know? They haven’t been allowed to vote for decades. Hamas are rightly scared they won’t win.
You got a survey for that?
Fuck Israel.
Hamas aren't going to be the ones killed...hence the infographic.
I would suggest also that Hamas stop attacking Israel.
Western nations have also been giving significant aid to Palestine. Their desire is for peace, regardless of the numerous Palestinian terrorist activities in Europe (https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Palestinian_terrorist_incidents_in_Europe). I hope that peace rather than revenge becomes yours endgame too.
Palestinians only became terrorists because they don't like the fact they lost a war and refused to back the partition plan and the many concessions proposed by Israel throughout the years. Instead, they, or rather their leaders, cling to a hopeless dream. Israel has existed for 70 years, it's not going anywhere. It's time they accepted facts, stopped terrorising other people also born of the same land, and sue for peace and settlement. Life isn't fair, but a futile struggle is irrational.
Because they are a very near powerless insurgency being crushed under boot of a vastly superior invading force on their homeland.

People fight tooth and nail when you take their home and kill their families. 

Maybe don’t invade their country? Leave them alone. Give them back the land you stole. Then let them operate autonomously with a two state solution.

You can keep killing Palestinians. Slaughter them in revenge - but it’s 100% just going to make things worse in future.
Refugees are a destabilizing force literally anywhere you go and more often than not are exploited, that's a pretty common point anywhere you go.

Palestinians are like any other group who has no future prospects or self determinination. Eventually they'll lash out.
This is plainly wrong, just get some opinions from palestinians and Arabs mote widely.

And historically it was also clearly the case that they wanted to eliminate israel entirely from the moment it was declared.
What happened to jewish population in arabic countries then?
Yeah they do, but they stopped occupying it and they immediately elected genocidal terrorists. So yeah no wonder why they might want to control what comes into and out of Gaza.
Egypt controls it just as much as Israel…


Why does everyone give them a free pass in these discussions?
Did you know that Ba’athism was inspired by the Nazis? [There was](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relations_between_Nazi_Germany_and_the_Arab_world) definitely anti-Semitism before Israel was founded.
If my land was in Palestine and my countrymen were Palestinians, I would be gone like a fart in the wind.
[Gaza](https://apnews.com/article/business-middle-east-israel-foreign-aid-gaza-strip-611b2b90c3a211f21185d59f4fae6a90) is one of the largest [recipients ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_aid_to_Palestinians#:~:text=Since%201993%20the%20European%20Commission,PNA%20during%20the%20Second%20Intifada.) of foreign aid internationally. There could have been something beautiful in Gaza. Instead it's a murderous shithole.
Israel offered peace by offer Gaza and in return they got bombed by terrorist.
And you should google all the other things Palestine did…. Not sure what we’re doing here
>The middle east was much more welcoming to the Jewish peoples

A myth I've seen perpetuated far too frequently. It is at best ignorance, and at worst, it is revisionism, to suggest that the middle eatern countries were welcoming to Jews. Casually glossing over the many, many, many (and regular) massacres of Jews, over the course of centuries... As if the entire Jewish population in the ME wasn't ethnically cleansed, mass-murdered, and expelled from their own countries. What, you think all the Iraqi, Tunisian, Syrian, Iranian, Afghan, Egyptian etc (the list goes on) Jews all suddenly left all of those countries, en masse, voluntarily? 

As I said, to suggest that the ME Jews were anything other than relentlessly massacred by their Arab-majority countries, is at best a lack of knowledge, and at worst revisionism and, by extension, antisemitism. 

>even after WWII

Yeah, people always say this, which completely detracts from the constant attempted genocide of the Jews over the course of millenia, in the middle east.

>up until the nation state of Israel was created.

And here we have the icing on the cake... the suggestion that the Arab countries only turned on their Jewish populations when Israel was created.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mizrahi_Jews

"Following the First Arab–Israeli War, over 850,000 Mizrahi and Sephardi Jews were expelled or evacuated from Arab and Muslim-majority countries from 1948 until the early 1980s."

Considering that the population was under 2 million at that time, it is quite significant. Also blaming and persecuting communities inside your country for the creation of Israel is stupid, they had nothing to do with it.
If you don't think the middle east matter on the subject then you are too ignorant to speak about Israel.
Um events between the two peoples in the region preceded 1948, and is not as one sided as you think


In the 1920s, there were anti-Jewish massacres in Jerusalem, Safed, Hebron, etc.

In the 1930s, the Arab Revolt killed hundreds of Jews.

In the 1940s, Palestinian nationalists incited the Farhud, a brutal massacre against the Jews of Baghdad.

In 1948, every single Jew living in East Jerusalem, the West Bank, and Gaza was expelled down to the last man, woman, and child. The Old Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem was completely razed to the ground.

The occupation may have radicalized many people, but it’s not the source of the violence that has happened today. The reality is Palestine is in this situation only because they are the weaker party. If they had the military might to do so, they would slaughter Israel and expel them from the land without a second thought
Talking about your history grades I see
>Israelis have raped and assaulted Palestinian women for years.

And that's a bad thing, right? No matter who it happens to, right? Or are you trying to say that it's justified and deserved here?
Do you believe that the woman I was talking about deserved what happened to her?
i love how you ignored all relevant points and only responded to this.

That's beside the point of the argument. I'm not defending muslim conquests and don't care to go into that irrelevant discussion. the point is you said they stole jewish land as if it was controlled by the jewish people and muslims took it, it was part of the Byzantine empire. i only added this because you mentioned this false detail, not because it has any relevance to the argument at hand.
If the status quo continues, this is not a problem that will be solved. We've been kicking this can down the road for nearly a century. Are we prepared to kick it down the road for another century? And all the while, innocent Palestinians and Israelis continue to die? And the former continue to live in godawful conditions? And for what? So we can have this exact same thing happen again in the future? 

I don't have any respect for Hamas, nor the government of Israel. Neither of them are fit to lead the countries they are purportedly in charge of. 

I genuinely do not see any change to the status quo unless we get radical changes from both sides. Neither Hamas can stay in power, nor can the current Israeli government, and I presume a large number of the officials enabling it's behavior. I don't care who it is who does it, but I want a third party administering the situation. If you have problems with Westerners, sure, fine, thats understandable. Have India do it. Have China do it.
When did they leave? If anything they further encroached into palestinian areas and drove thrm out
> Zionists offered many compromises over the decades but the response was always “death to all Jews”.

So the people that moved in from abroad and displaced the people that had been living there for centuries (if not millenia) because they had been treated badly (which I don't dispute) by OTHER people in OTHER countries, offered to let the locals (who by and large did not support Zionism - even the local Jews) keep a tiny bit of land as long as they agreed to give the occupiers all the power...

What are you smoking that you think that's a reasonable solution?  Yes, the Jews should have had their own land, but it should have been taken from those that had killed them - in other words a part of Europe - not from those that had nothing to do with the pogroms.
It discusses demolishing Palestinian homes and then building Israeli settlements on the same spot.  Nice logic there dimwit.  The fact that Israel has even been called out by the UN General Assembly for this is a clear indication that it's happening.  But keep those blinders on so that you can find a justification for your racism.
When I said Hamas fights with stones? Learn how to read kid.
That's not true, unless the US was going to intervene directly and put forces on the conflict, israel would still dominate palestine.
Don't forget Ukraine secured the vast majority of the help it got precisely because they beat the Russian forces in the first weeks of the war when everyone expected them to lose quickly, before that they had only gotten minor help.

Plus you're wrong about nobody helping Palestine anyway, most of the arab countries in the region have tried their luck invading israel, and the Palestinians have gotten weapons from many, Iran is a big backer to this day.
70 years from now… yeah, it would be pointless to pearl clutch over a nation that hasn’t existed for a lifetime.
If Ukraine decided to sneak attack a Russian city and start massacring and raping a bunch of Russian civilians, they would be the villains.  They aren't doing that, and so far have attacked only militarily significant targets, even when targeting Russia.
How do you reconcile the fact that as of last week there weren’t any occupying forces inside Gaza?
Way to skip over the fact that the expulsion of Palestinians was after Palestine invaded Israel and lost the war you fucking Nazi scum.
Just checking, but have you heard of the Ottoman Empire?
Israel is occupying Palestinian land. That's a fact. That you think that is anti semitic propaganda says more about you than me
The West Bank is also not occupied.
Netanyahu (and his party's coalition) has the long term goal of getting rid of democracy and ethnically cleansing the Palestinians, yes. Fascists are everywhere with varying levels of governmental control, and right now they are gaining support in Israel.
It's because US-centric redditors are convinced that "minorities" (even if they aren't from the US and are in fact a majority in their countries) are always innocent victims and thus they can't have harmful views.
Westerners *generally* do not like civilians being killed/kidnapped in war, especially when they’re purposely targeted (desert rave).

And yes we don’t like killing civilians when the US govt does it, when the IDF does it, and even when Hamas does it. I totally get why some Palestinians think that it was necessary (can’t corner a dog without the risk of getting bit), but it won’t help with outside support because obviously there are fundamental differences in views.
I'm also confused. The only thing in the universe is a chart showing Israeli vs. Palestinian casualties. In fact, I'm not even typing this comment right now.
Palestine plays stupid games, and they win stupid prizes.
[deleted]
No it was settled by Arab colonizers, funny how that works
[deleted]
Good lord almighty do you get all your news from fox news? You do realize that Israel has been very slowly expanding its occupying area over the past several years? That they have been slowly kicking  more and more Palestinians out of their homes? That they have been slowly destroying the underground foundation of the dome of the rock mosque in Jerusalem recently in hopes that it would fall down on its own? That members of there government have already drawn up blueprints of what they are going to build in its place once it’s destroyed? The Palestinian civilians they have killed this year that you don’t see or hear of on the news because no one cares? The videos of them spitting, shouting and harassing Christian and Muslim Palestinians and tourists?

I too would be shouting “death to Israel” if they destroyed my home, stole my land, killed my parents, siblings and children in front of my eyes, and after that, threw me into an open air prison that is surrounded by fences and walls as a makeshift concentration camp.

It seems like my previous comment went into one ear and out the other.
I said they were not justified multiple times. 

I guess the around 100 children Israel killed yesterday was justified though?

Cringe. 

I wonder how you would react if someone killed your family in front of you and then kicked you out of your home and into a concentration camp like area? 

Israel created Hamas. That’s what happened
I just covered everything you said in the comment you are replying to? Taking civilians as hostages is wrong. I literally just said that they are in a place of desperation and take what they can get. Are you surprised that people take hostages during war? 

Palestinians have cried over their lost loved ones for so long that many of them don’t have any tears left to cry. 

You do realize that both sides are in an ongoing war that has never ended?
[deleted]
Again you have proved nothing at all. The only thing have done is make some more sensationalist statements.
No, Israel provoked the violence by [stealing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nakba) [their](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israeli_occupation_of_the_West_Bank) [land](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israeli_settlement) (three separate links btw) and treating Palestinians who do live in Israel as [second class citizens](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israel_and_apartheid).

It's wrong for Hamas to kill civilians. I genuinely do feel bad for the innocent Israelis who have died. There's no excuse for killing noncombatants. But as you can see in the graph Israel kills many more Palestinians than Palestinians kill Israelis. If you hate it when innocent people die you should have a much bigger problem with Israel than with Palestine. And again, Israel is the aggressor in this conflict. They have been conquering Palestinian land and displacing Palestinians since the 40s, as you can see in the articles I linked above. None of the information in those articles is radical; much of it comes from the literal United Nations.
Hamas revised the charter in 2017 and leadership began calling the original charter a "historical document" as early as 2008. There were opportunities to bring Hamas into the political fold through the diplomatic process and they signaled that -- it was a major failure in political policy by the Israelis not to take those opportunities and work towards peace. 

Hamas absolutly is not invading "purely to massacre, torture, rape, beat, and execute civilians." This is the fully rational act of people within a population who are unable to leave the open air prison they've been blockaded in as they watch the diplomatic process exclude them. The settlers are systemically destroying their villages and killing their children in flagrant violation of international law. They have literally no recourse, what else can they do?

I'm not saying that war is good, but I am seeing a huge lack of nuanced perspective in how people talk about the conflict in Israel, and it's pretty horrifying. As a Jew, I have zero interest in being represented by the Israeli government and am often lumped into that perspective. 

https://www.middleeasteye.net/news/hamas-2017-document-full
> But how does it relate to the number of casualties?

It artificially deflates one of those sides.

Also, and I am not an expert, so seek more info than just this, it's my understanding that Hamas tends to launch their attacks from civilian locations, often homes, so Israeli counterattacks of the launch locations kill and injure civilians.  It's why they adopted a practice of dropping non-explosive attacks to warn people to evacuate before then launching a real attack to destroy the equipment.

Keep in mind when asking about justification, this is getting posted in the aftermath of an invasion where one of these two groups has explicitly attacked (and raped, pillaged, destroyed, etc.) a bunch of civilians.  You lose of ton of benefit of the doubt when you're going door to door killing everyone in their homes and parading around dead naked women in your trucks.
The number of casualties will always be skewed because part of the PA and Hamas tactics are to establish terrorist bases smack dab in the middle of high population residential areas in order to maximize civilian casualties in the event of retaliation, then using those deaths as propaganda pieces. Furthermore, it is very often that Hamas terrorists brutalize the Palestinians of the Gaza strip, leading to an inflated number of injuries. Also, I am pretty certain that this graph includes regular police activity and well that would obviously inflate numbers
First, not all of those casualties are necessarily from things like israelis dropping bombs. The source says casualties include "people who were physically hurt in a relevant incident and received medical treatment at a clinic or hospital, or by paramedic personnel on the site of the incident. This includes people who received treatment due to suffocation by tear gas." So it includes police actions. It also doesn't distinguish whether those civilian casualties were a result of a legal use of force. So that's going to inflate things one way. I worry you're just seeing a big number and making assumptions.


Now, the iron dome is relevant because even though someone might shoot at you and you intercept it that doesn't mean you weren't attacked and that the attack doesn't warrant a violent response. It's an act of warfare, and civilians often die as a result of warfare. Israel just has a better system for protecting their civilians from turning into statistics.
Yea really not okay.
I wouldn't say thousands of rockets launched at civillians are analogous to pebbles, dude. They absolutely have the potential to deal serious harm.  
  
The whole thing that makes the difference here is that person A's actions have the potential to cause significant harm to person B.
Bombed to bits? The Gaza Palestinian conflict started in June 2006 when Gilat Shalid was kidnapped by Hamas.

When was Hamas put into power? January 2006.

It's crutial to understand the timeline. And as far as the closest thing to a standing army, they didn't need an army, we weren't attacking them we literally kicked our own people, forcing Israelis out of their homes, in order to give Gaza to the Palestinians. The first thing they did? Destroy everything that we built there from greenhouses to buildings. That's right they could've used it for themselves to help them develop but they chose to destroy it.

The next thing they did? Provoke a war.

Also they won against Fatah which was more of an army than Hamas, and who controls the West Bank.
I'm pretty sure they must be unpleasant if people get hospitalised. I assume some may end up with permanent health damage (thinking: eye loss from rubber bullet), etc. 

That said I personally have less sympathy for someone getting hurt who is being violent against strictly superior force than to someone who is not violent. This is because a) they were violent in the first place b) they are acting illogically to challenge force so much stronger that it is capable of pacifying them while restricting their response to measures that don't hurt the violent person.

&#x200B;

>So? Says nothing about whether the civilians attacked the military police, or the military police attacked the civilians.

That I wouldn't be sure about. These are riot dispersion measures, and they are used specifically to avoid people getting hurt when they are aggressive and impossible to calm down otherwise.  Bunch of people really angry, possibly for a good reason, that are aggressive and causing unrest. If military wanted to attack civilians and inflict the damage, they would use lethal weapons they had plenty of with much worse effect. So what the numbers say is that Israelis didn't want to get those 100k people hurt.

Sadly, Isreali's likely won't be inclined to further exercise the restrain in the choice of the weaponry.

>You can interpret it however you want. The graphic just provides the actual numbers.

Well, it's been posted as a guide, so the number were intended as a form of information to better reader's understanding of the conflict. The detailed breakdown of the nature of the injuries provides more information (context), which is strictly better than less information. After seeing the plot I looked for that supplementary information to better understand it, and after digging deeper found that there is a second bottom and the way information is presented in a context-less manner is a bit manipulative or biased towards portraying the conflict as mostly unilateral suffering.

I recommend reading a book "How to lie with statistics" for some prime examples how easy it is to manipulate using context-less numbers.
The mere fact that you group minor injuries in same bin as death should set a red flag about trying to bias the statistics.
There are 3 kind of lies in this world:
1. Little lies
2. Big lies
3. Statistics.

The amount injured or deaths say nothing about who is right and who is wrong.
If terrorists fire rockets from within uninvolved populations on purpose, should Israel not fire back?
Would you agree to be fired upon without response in such scenario?
If one side wants declares it wants to kill all jews in Israel, should we let them try to see if they were not joking?
Whenever Palestinians will stop hating jews more than they love their children, there will be peace (paraphrasing Golda Meir).
Whenever Israel lay off its gone we will see exactly what happened in last 2 days but on a whole country scale.

This is a dirty war by animals but Israel must step up.
Can't fight such savages with a keyboard unfortunately.. so a lot more people must die now because of Hamas blood thirst.
So what’s your point? It seems like we’re both saying the same thing. You call it lying, I call it different perspective. No one is arguing that this is an ethical way of representing data to masses or that the system is not flawed at all.

If you think that this is some cherry picked data we’re seeing here and that there is more to the story, you should say that. I’m not sure if you were implying that by saying that OP is karma farming.
My argument is that using old data is a bias of sorts.

Any other argument is one in your head
It’s an anti-recency bias.
I'm sure you're the good guy in this story. And if we went back in the past, you'd be the sole abolitionist speaking against slavery. If we went back to the salem witch trials, you'd be the first person speaking against such trials.
Never said that. Respond to what I’m actually saying. If you just want to argue against a straw man argument do it in a mirror.

Giving aid to a country to fend off an invasion isn’t an example of the US being “world police”
Okay, and 50% of *Republicans* voted against aid to Ukraine. Given the other person was specifically talking about **Republicans**, this is kinda relevant. 

>The 311-117 vote came after House GOP leaders on Wednesday stripped the Ukraine assistance from a Pentagon funding bill. **All “no” votes came from Republicans.**

Source: https://thehill.com/policy/defense/4229414-house-overwhelmingly-approves-ukraine-aid/
Mahmoud Abbas is the president of Fatah, the West Bank authority. So he’s the one preventing elections, not Israel.

And yes they’ve blockaded trade, but out of self preservation. To stop extremist groups from obtaining the resources to attack (as they are right now).
Right. And you don't think that someone posting a chart right in this moment clearly showing that a lot more people have died on the Palestinian side isn't a form of bias meant to downplay or minimize what Israel is going through right now?

If you believe it's not, then you're just arguing in bad faith by playing dumb.
Irregardless of how you may feel, that word still exists you punk ass lil zoomer bitch. Don't be proud of being ignorant. I'm sorry the pandemic cut your reading level in half. Lemme put it in some words you can understand. I fucked your mother and father last night LONG DICK STYLE. And you're boutta inherit a ravaged world full of famine, floods, rising temperatures and political instability. Good for you. Fuck them kids, I say. Fuck 'em.
Terrorist sympathizer
You clearly have not spent enough time on Reddit today
Nuance is somewhat of a foreign entity here
This is real data that is highly valuable to understand the Israel Palestine conflict.

It is real data from the un. You can make your own conclusions from this. By ignoring it, you are ignoring one of the most important pieces of information understanding the conflict because you are biased.

Just because you don’t agree with it doesn’t mean you should ignore it. That’s an extreme biased worldview and will lead to an extremely propagandized mindset
Hamas is a gang, the hundreds of thousands of innocent Palestinians killed in this conflict are not.

Israel is the aggressor in this conflict. The Israeli Zionist lobby and Hamas feed off one another.
He did, like 2000 years ago and everyone united to crucify him. Like, "dude I came to save you" and bam, jews and Romans uniting to crucify.

You are mad at God when you should be mad at our own rebellious nature. I bet you and me would crucify Christ again and again.
What's he gonna do? 

"Yo I'm God i exist. Can you please stop fighting?
That's the actual good and deep question. To which no one has the answer. Not that we were made rebellious, but we choose to rebel by eating the "fruit of knowledge between good and evil" quite an specific name for a fruit. Basically a fruit to ursurp God. See the allegory???

Maybe God wanted to filter on his creation, those that have free will and chose him, and those who do not he throws away. But it's my theory, no one knows for sure.
Mate, your enemy is inside of you, that's all I'm saying. You are misdirecting your hostility, but do whatever you want.

People were given free will, rebelled and God offered a way out of this through Jesus. That's all I know, you are totally free to hate me and this idea.
Design a world without squares or circles and you will have a world without time.
You operate by faith in some degrees, not a religious faith, but the way we build our worldview mingles antireligion or a given religion.
Dude, you put two dogs in a cage and expect the two state solution to work by the power of love?!
I believe there may be US hostages and Israeli defence minister just said that they will kill literally everyone in Gaza unless HAMAS gives up, which they won't.
What specific reason do you seem to have in mind, except for "Egypt doesn't like Hamas" ?
"they never had a claim to it" they were living there, the concept of statehood was a Western thing. "It's not their fucking land" who decided it was Israel's land then ?
...were we not talking about what was happening to Israelis? 

Dude I'm so lost in the sauce when it comes to this Israel Palestine shit.I say we just glass the whole region so my head doesn't hurt so much when I think about it.
"they still attack the premier military force in the region"

Wait that's why you're calling them incompetent ? Don't get me wrong, I don't think the Hamas will win this fight, but asymmetrical wars were won several times. Ask the US about any country they bombed and tried to control ever since WW2.

"still continue this nonsense" 

It's not like they have a choice, their land were given away.
Imagine being so stupid and stubborn that you MUST live in your ancestor's homeland and not just move somewhere safer. People in Gaza should just move. They lost long ago to the Zionist invasion, now they are grasping at straws to maintain a life that was their ancestor's.

Imagine if Native Americans constantly raided and blew up people on USA territory. USA would absolutely genocide them ... again. Once you have been invaded and lost, you have to accept what you can get or assimilate.
42 kneecaps
When you are linkining something that references the nakba I see your bias. Call it the Arab Israeli war. 

As far as the link- that’s certainly a narrative and it’s missing key points of history, but I commend you for knowing at least some of the total picture
Hamas has used these places as weapons depots, in direct violation of the Geneva convention. Israel announce the targets before destroying them, doing everything within their power to not kill civilians.
Universal is also arguable. In areas where Israel has occupied Palestine the Palestinians in the area are not granted healthcare. The more land Israel settles the lower the percentage of people living in what Israel claims as their territory have healthcare.
And the elderly, military, and elected federal officials and their staff. We have lots of paid for healthcare in America, and it works great for the recipients.
No it’s not. Our lives don’t change whether they exist as a state or not. I wake up and go to work; the only people who have ANY stake in Israel are Arms Manufacturers and the Palestinians who live there.

We should cease all funds to Israel; and divert aid to Palestinians.
Only if you see everything as conflict. It doesn't need to be that way, and it isn't most of the time
[deleted]
Hamas use that exact same logic to justify their own actions.
Damn, almost like Hamas made it very clear they use them as human shields. Hell they have already announced they plan to use the hostages they just took as human shields too.

God damn you terrorist bootlickers are dumb
Hey that’s what the us did to Japan
Keep in mind, the house in question tends to be where rockets were just launched from.  I'm not saying that it's all good or always accurate information, but portraying it as if they are intentionally targeting random neighborhood homes isn't very accurate.
Please tell me this is a joke and not an actual attempt to draw some sort of parallel
You can literally watch Hamas launching rockets from the midst of Gaza city, right at this moment, every few minutes on various livestreams. And then when Israel sends in the Jets and blows them the fuck up "iT's gEnoCide". IQ so low it would win any Limbo Dance contest.
Kicked out? Sure. Killed? Pretty sure no. Even if they weren't dependet on international material support, international oppinion would be 1000% against them after that.
Ok? And? Noone is disputing that, them having drones doesnt mean theyre not working with primitive tech
crime swim reminiscent wasteful plants melodic memory ring march sand

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
I think I already did? Because they have no alternative. They have no chance of winning any fight, and their attacks are always met by bigger retaliation. If their endgame is a normal life for Palestinians then the only option is to try again, and settle, even if they can't get everything they want now. The longer they wait the weaker their negotiating position is getting.
> Well it’s convenient to cheery pick history based on the narrative. 

You would know!  
"If it wasn't written by a fanatic muslim, I won't believe it!" 

But I'm not cherry-picking. I'm quoting Wikipedia. If you want to claim that Wikipedia is wrong - not just on details, but on *major* historical facts - you better actually *bring* some really good sources. Which you never even attempted to do.

> written in Arabic which some time ago was the main international language.

Lol. Never even close.

> Now regarding the Iran, I never said that Iran converted to Islam right away.

Yes, you did. Quote: "That’s why so many nation like Iranian [...] converted to islam just by seeing islam."
Didn't you hear, they're suddenly not in the mood to argue with a stranger on the internet, or rather, continue the argument they began but are now losing.

That means they win, Dummy!
Please see original post as to why that is the outcome. Hamas is a vile terrorist organization and weaponize innocent martyrs to gain international empathy. If the last 48 hours taught you anything, it should be that they showed their true colors. They murder civilians, rape women, kidnap children. Their charter is to eliminate every Jew worldwide. This is the governing body in Gaza.
To your first question: I’m not a military specialist but I can only imagine sending ground squads deep into Gaza would not be a successful mission and result in loss of troops on both sides. Strategically, Why would any military offer up their soldiers on a silver platter to die or be used as pow’s. Bombings would result in less casualties if the artillery wasn’t stored amongst civilians and if Hamas actually allowed their people to exit the area when warned.

To your second point: I haven’t seen the videos so I can’t comment without context. If by Palestinians in cage, you mean Hamas militant, then the answer is obvious. But if you’re referring to children or non-militant citizens, then of course that is terrible. Regarding firing into crowds, again, need context. If it’s at the Gaza boarder and they are trying to illegally cross, then the answer is very obvious based on what happened this weekend. If it’s overzealous crowd control, then again, there should be reproductions for those soldiers.
Every major international human rights organization classifies Israel as an apartheid state
Definitely has nothing to do with being forcibly removed from their homes and treated as inmates in an open air prison.
Answer the question he asked.
Hamas fires 5000 rockets because its the best they can do, if they had 5000 advanced missiles they would fire them all as well.

Hamas is weak but willing to do anything to kill Jews, Israel is strong but didn’t go all out so far
But comparing it to a parent and child suggests Israel shouldn’t retaliate, which is insane.

Hamas sends those rockets to sow as much fear and panic as possible, if they had more advanced missiles they would still send as many as they can specifically to kill innocent people and force them to lock themselves in bomb shelters
Yeah, none of the harm was caused by migration. All of the harm was caused by violent radicals reacting to the migration and each other.
Jewish migration caused no inherent harm. The Palestinian nationalists who wanted them dead caused harm. Jewish radicals who emerged in response caused harm. Get it now?
> Hamas exist primarily because of the hatred of jews

Israel actually helped create Hamas out of opposition to the left-wing, secular Palestinian Liberation Organization

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7grSsuFSS0
It's impossible to remove the situation of Israel constantly expanding and pushing out Palestinians, often violently, with the existence of HAMAS. HAMAS is at its core a Palestinian nationalist group, and a Palestinian nationalist group is going to tend to violence when they credibly believe someone is eliminating their nation. 

The average American would likely not respond peacefully either if a foreign nation were to start kicking them out of their homes and lands en mass. The fact that HAMAS has any support in Palestine is because of the actions of Israel.
It’s morbidly hilarious to me that a country can disproportionally slaughter and displace the people of another country and justify it as “defending themself”.

Israel has such an incredibly well funded modern and competent military they could have gotten rid of Hamas years and years ago and prevented the (mostly Palestinian) casualties that have occurred. It wouldn’t be some insane ambitious operation.

They don’t want to get rid of Hamas at all, their fucked up shit fires up their right wing and anti Palestinian base.

If they got rid of Hamas and Palestine had a peaceful government they wouldn’t have global sympathy or an excuse to occupy Palestine the way they are.

It isn’t a crazy concept, it’s America’s playbook, the US used the same radicalized terrorism of their own making to further their political and economic interests in the middle east.

It shouldn’t have been a shock to anyone when a lot of that got leaked and came out with the US years and years later and it won’t be with Israel in the future either.
False equivalence. The Roman Empire was an empire. The Italians were just one people in the empire, not a native people to all the territory they conquered. Jews actually emerged from the region. Also, Italy reclaiming that land would involve a violent conquest. The Jews were migrating in peacefully before they were subject to numerous massacres.
You mean people that understand facts?
No, it’s only harming the narrative that killing Jews is cool
Lmao like palestians had a state to steal. Read a fucking book Nazi
You’re literally a neonazi.
ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS RIGHT NOW?? YOU DID NOT JUST CITE ADOLF HITLER'S LITERAL "CASUS BELLI" AGAINST POLAND AS GOOD JUSTIFICATION. And then to follow it up with saying that Armenians, the literal victims of the Armenian Genocide by Turkey, don't deserve their homeland back.

you must be a troll.

If you're genuinely wondering (and you sound dense if you were, can you not understand the written word?) but obviously the German Nazis were the perpetrators on that land and so no they don't deserve it. And yes, the Greeks and Armenians deserve their homelands.
Arguing with all you antisemites is exhausting. Might reply later in earnest but for now I'll just say this: are they fighting children with rocks with machine guns or are they fighting radical muslims who shot 5000 rockets yesterday?

Actually, no, I'll reply now because you're being a ridiculous clown.

So you're saying that its not the same because the Jewish people no longer suffer so many of the effects? Blatantly wrong, they were disinherited of their land, thier families were killed and plundered. That lasts forever. All history lasts to THIS VERY DAY, not just black history. By your logic, if reparations and remediation for black people is delayed for another 900 years, then that magically makes it all better and everyone can wipe their hands of it.

Quit claiming you're using nuance when your position is downright silly.
Wikipedia has an article on these types of anti-boycott Israel laws, including sections by state:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-BDS_laws
New York also has it. It's something to the effect of, you can't recieve state or federal aid if you show support for BDS.
In the article linked it did mention that you can't call for boycotts which is how they would probably find out about it (example: you make a post on social media calling for a boycott, they find out, then you get fired).
You gotta read between the lines
*school system requires students and teachers to recite Pledge of Allegiance to America
** also school, makes teachers sign pledge of allegiance to Israel
yeah, seems like a clear and obvious 1st amendment violation, so I'm glad to see it's being challenged. Of course, with our current supreme court I'm not terribly optimistic it'll be successfully stricken down.
> "In some American states, school teachers and other public workers have to sign loyalty pledges to Israel."
>The israel-Arab war happened because Palestine was taken away from the Palestinians




That's odd because Palestinian only became a national identity in the late 1960s and 1970s with the creation of the PLO.



>Wouldn’t you fight for your country if someone came and invaded it? 




It is very ironic considering it is the literal homeland of the Jews, and it was the Arab League that invaded Israel. 




>Israel has kept none of their word when it comes to peace and two state solution




Because they are the only ones who have offered a 2 state solution. 



They haven't kept their word because there was nothing to keep in the first place.



The Arabs have refused EVERY offer. And you don't get to make offers when you lose wars, let alone lose wars of aggression. 




>yet Israeli constantly does raids



Because the PA allows these raids. In exchange, Israel provides aid, electricity, and maintains the blockade of Gaza (Yes, that is something Fatah wants).




>The UN resolutions are a joke to Israel



They are a joke.



Every year Israel gets more condemnations than all other countries combined, North Korea, Venezuela, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Syria, Iran, America, Russia, Belarus, Pakistan, China. All these countries combined according to the UN make less suffering than Israel.


This year alone, there have been more UN condemnations of Israel than Russia has received since 2014.




In Ukraine so far, AT LEAST 300,000 people have been killed by Russia's invasion with another 10 MILLION displaced. In Mariupol alone, about 20,000 people were killed. 





For comparison, since 1970, 25,000 people have died in the Israeli Palestinian conflict.




>All because they believe their entitlement to land that once hosted Judaism 3000 years ago



And it has hosted them ever since




They never left.





>Also the casualties of Black September does not even come close to the number of Palestinians murdered form 2008 until now





I didn't say casulties.



But yes, I did overstate them a bit




During Black September, 4,000 Palestinians were killed, compared to the 5,000 since 2008
They should just battle it out until both sides ask for peace.
Israel does not go to concerts and indiscriminately shoot and kill hundreds of civilians, strip their corpses of the women naked and parade the streets with them while spitting on the naked woman's corpse and feeling it up.
Congrats, you know the most shallow details on earth
Yup, a chart has everything I need to know.  No further context or investigation needed.
The chart doesn't show who's the victim lol, it just shows who protects it's citicens better. Spoiler, it's not the terrorists who hide between civilians.
They should be punished by killing their neighbor.
No they wouldn't, because they have the iron dome. The 3500 missiles launched on Saturday killed one person. Allowing some militants to store or launch rockets from a hospital will cause less death than bombing said hospital with staff inside, as happened yesterday.
“Sounds like the civilians are responsible as well”

No, it sounds like you are trying to justify your bloodlust for innocent civilians.
It’s all civilians
Where in gaza isn't a residential area? The entire strip of land is built on. Even if hamas wanted to, and they obviously don't, it's not like they could go somewhere without civilians.
Are you in the mind that throwing rocks at a tank should constitute a death sentence because if the armour wasn't there the crew could get injured?
Two guys get in a bar fight and one has 100 pounds on the other. I’d find it silly if the bigger guy claims that if he didn’t have the weight advantage, the smaller guy would have beat him up, so you he’s justified in sending the smaller one to the hospital.
Can you please quote where I excused attempted murder? I'd be interested to see where your reading comprehension failed you.
>both go to prison

A woman went to jail for not cutting the grass on the property she owned. Must also be a serious crime in the eyes of the law!



Interesting that there is no mandatory minimum for parole eligibility on attempted murder by a mandatory 25 years for first degree and a minimum of 10 for second degree. 

That sure seems doesn't seem like, how did you say it 

>The difference is very small

If you don't think that a range of 25 years is a large difference you must be a vampire or some being of immortality 


.
Who do you read, then?

Should be a simple answer. Can't wait to find out.
Maybe because Israel oppressed Palestinians and steal their lands?
Apartheid is aggression and will lead to resistance. Until israel end their apartheid nothing will change. 

Think we are going in circles of you ignoring israels apartheid. Not once have you even acknowledged israeli apartheid. You're a disgusting human being who clearly knows israeli apartheid is real and decides to ignore it.
> It's also evil to bomb those same locations knowing full well you're going to cause staggering civilian causalities.

If they leave these locations alone, HAMAS will build bombs there that kill Israeli citizens.
No, that’s wrong. Israel literally warns the Gaza neighborhoods ahead of time before missile strikes. To claim moral equivalency between the Israelis and a genocidal terrorist organization like Hamas is flat out wrong.
what if the person who places that child fires rockets at your child?
In your world Hamas can kill Israelis with impunity and Israel can never fight back because Hamas fights immorally. That’s insane.
That's ignoring the part where they said Palestine should conter offer or offer a deal of their own
A spectacle is any impactful scene, irrelevant of entertainment value. I don't see you crying about Palestinians woman and children locked in cages, shot, imprisoned, bombed, raped and tortured - something the IDF has a monopoly on. 

It is absolutely race based, it doesn't matter if dogs like you comprehend it. Opium for the masses, and that's including you.

Idiots argue over media headlines.
Uh-huh.

These animals would slit your toddler's throat and rape her corpse and you are spending your free time simping for them on the internet.

Go to Gaza. Join your heroes. We will all be better off for it.
How does a population grow during a genocide?
Well the Middle East is far from the US. Gaza isn’t far from Israel. You probably don’t find yourself thinking that it’s likely for 9/11 to repeat itself, however if they stay near your border, constantly trying to break in and slaughter civilians, I’d wager you’d feel differently.

Let me emphasize: Killing innocent is wrong on any side. Protecting yourself against savages that are capable of the atrocities is not wrong.

I urge you to search the web for videos of Israeli hostages held by Hamas. See how they are treated. How would you feel if that was your friends and family. This is not just another flare up. This is crossing red lines.
Oh, a video. A video. Let’s start counting the videos of terrorist raping and beheading captures civilians. Stop comparing the two. War crimes by western countries are the odd case, war crimes by terrorists, Hamas, ISIS or Taliban are just how they fight.
So we can call Americans school shooters until their culture stops breeding psychopaths?

Don't you think its a little bit unfair to generalise a religion of literally billions of people over the actions of less than a fraction of a percent of their population?
In what possible way were the Spaniards “more moral”? They were entirely the aggressors. They usurped a government through fear tactics and lies. What’s moral about that?
 You lost your own arrangement. Lol.
Reread my comment
Israel lost in 2005 when they decided to disengage and give Gaza back to the Palestinians. They also lost when 6 prisoners escaped last year.from a high-security prison... and lost again three days ago with the Hamas invasion. As long as palestinains live and breathe, Israel is bound to lose... it is a coutnry established on maintaing military rule and apartheid every day to ensure zionism and their shitti principle of 'Land for Jews' is held, even at the expense of palestinian lives and second class jewish citizens. This is why Israel already lost. They also lost when they elected a right wing lunatic who loves death (BIBI) to become prime ministed.    


How privelaged you must be. Sit down and shit the fuck up lady.
Sure. The reason I’m making this point is because this graph is implicitly being used to demonize one side over the other.
If you’re insisting Netanyahu did this deliberately, that’s fucking insane. The type of counterstrike this will lead to has the potential to alienate every Islamic country, reverse the Abraham Accords, Netanyahu’s greatest accomplishment. It will also mean the end of his political career and his faction, meaning no judicial reform and he won’t be able to annex the West Bank. Netanyahu has nothing to gain. And either way, I think it’s still more than reasonable to blame the killing on the killers
Yes, brilliant! Look weak and unprepared, that will help you consolidate power!
Once they stop terrorist activities there will be more public support for that.
Jews are the native people of the land they are in.
It’s more like some guy gives us a house to share. I say great. You get mad, you want the whole house. You attack me and try to take it but lose.
and you apparently didnt even read your own source.

as i said. braindead.
Palestinians should eradicate hamas before trying to do something as hard as toppling Israel. If palestinians don't like them, Israels are scared shitless and getting more extreme for it, why not work within themselves first? Sell away your worst terrorists and hope for a peaceful resolution.
Amnesty Internstional is a propaganda outlet.
Oh yes I did
Well every time Israel tries to initiate a peace accord it gets rejected and then Palestine attacks them so yeah.
You don’t know me or what I believe. I’ve been a critic of Israel for a long time, and I’d even argue that Gaza was like an open air prison. That all changed a few days ago when Hamas targeted civilians including women and children. That’s the difference. When you see images of dead kids in Gaza, awful of course, but it’s collateral. The dead kids in Israel were targeted and executed. That’s the fucking difference.

So no, I didn’t ignore the history before a few days ago. But now? Hamas deserves to be crushed, and will be soon. Any valid complaints Palestine had about the mistreatment of its citizens is gone. And if 75% of Gaza supports Hamas, then fuck that 75% too.
Picture this. IDF soldiers are murdering innocent Palestinian children and women and forcing them out of their homes. What are Palestinians supposed to do?  You're so hasty to judge, so surely you have your own solution, right? We can point all day it doesn't do anything bro. War is bad for everyone.
I'm not the one defending Hamas - but you seem very defensive about Israel's role in this. All I'm doing is pointing things out and pulling at threads.
Are you delusional? By and large Reddit as a whole has been critical of Israel for a while. It’s tone has shifted since the attack though for obvious reasons.
Works with that too. I can criticize black people and black culture or any group of any kind without hating it or the individuals in it.
In the off chance you're not trolling... no, dude, criticising a government doesn't make you a Nazi.

Like look, I don't think anyone here is defending what Hamas did. I mean... they're a far right, conservative, ethno-nationalist fundamentalist organisation, if *anyone* involved in this resembles the Nazi's it's *them.*

But while *nothing* Israel could have done could justify what Hamas has done to the Israeli people, nothing can justify what the Israeli government has done to the Palestinian people for decades either.

I'm usually pretty put off by the whole "enlightened centerist" thing, but the middle ground is the only right position in this. 

Like... I don't even believe that either "side", Hamas or the Israeli government, actually represent the people they claim to. Hamas doesn't give a shit about the Palestinian people beyond making them their subjects, and Israeli conservatism has pushed this idea that Judaeism and Zionism are inherently, universally linked, "you're not a proper Jew if you don't support Israel". Which, ironically, is an *actual* Neo-Nazi conspiracy theory.

Israel Palestine is a complicated issue, and going in with the mindset of "if they aren't on my side they're 100% on the other side" isn't going to help anything.
Youre a complete dumbass. Your idiocy still makes no sense. Again, ZIONISM is an ideology. People who believe it are ZIONISTS. 

Your racist, anti-Black example does not compare.
something called using an alt so your 15 year old main account dont get banned for calling out fascists.
Welcome to how US "Conservatives" work.  And in their minds what they're saying actually makes sense.
I mean, I'm a Catholic mutt living in America. Far as I know, my religion stopped fighting Islam over the Holy Land in the 1200s.

That said, yeah, I'm not gonna support the people who think that the rape and murder of random women and children should be glorified and is right. Just not going to sit here and take the side that vehemently agrees that was the right thing to do. Seems wrong.
She was stripped naked, what context are you looking for?
I don't care about both of those.
Do you like to save sea turtles? because you are very good at grasping at straws.
Amazing how someone can be both a zionist and a nazi at the same time.

But it goes to show exactly the kind of people that are supporting Israel right now.
TF? I sympathize with the famished innocent 3 year old Palestinians who have literally done nothing but continue to bear suffering. Continue, not starting, continue as they done for the last 60+ years. No fair rights were given to them. Soldiers who shoot across the borders were given slaps on wrist. I believe in Torah almost as much as an orthox jew, eye for an eye, yes? I wish Israel followed the Torah. The region would've been a lot more peaceful. And for the record, I'm not from Palestine, nor are my family. I just call bad governments, bad.
No I’m just not sure you understand the gravity of the situation
And that excuses the rape and murder of civilians?
You should stop believing propaganda. Israel has tried peace several times, and each time has been met with violence. The goal of Palestinians is to eradicate all Jews.
I didn't claim any of that. In fact in the scenario where terrorists were purposefully hiding among civilians, the civilians would not be considered threats.
Well. Did you still see how they use hostages as shields? 

I read it and they do say that Hamas is discouraging evacuations. Also use schools to store weapons!
Huh? There are 2 million people in Gaza, if Israel didn't care about collateral, why not just wipe out everyone?

Or how about roof knocking? The Israel practice of sending warning, non-explosive ordinance to a location to avoid human deaths?

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roof_knocking

Answer me this: Why is the 5,500 number not 300,000 if Israel just wanted to massacre Palestinians?
and before that the arab world conquered the holy lands and displaced jews and catholics (and before that catholics displaced jews)  
  
and just because people got moved there doesn't mean they have no right to be there anymore. It's the same with african americans. No sane person would tell them that they have no right to live there anymore.  
  
Imagine the world unites behind white americans if they wanted to move all the african americans "back" to random african countries.  
  
And if the african americans decided that they want their own country in what is now the usa, they can do so as it is a basic human right. the human right of self determination.
Bruh literally just turn on the news for once lmao. Or just visit Palestine and get back to me. 🤷‍♀️
Have the Palestinians tried not behaving like terrorists or accepted any of the dozens of peace deals proposed? No? Why don’t other Muslim countries want to accept them? Oh they’re terrorists that other Muslims even dislike? How much white guilt do you have that it made you support terrorism? Or do you just hate Jews like Hamas?
You just massacred them. Is that what you're suggesting Israel do?
"we’re not currently still in the process of stealing more of their homes and kicking them out of their land" I suggest you don't ever say that on a reservation.

You live on stolen land. Why don't you put your money where your mouth is and give it back? Because it happened 140 years ago it's ok now? So Israel has 20 more years before it's fine then.
Imagine thinking the people who post themselves driving away with the body of a woman they gang raped to death while celebrating are going to engage in geopolitics and diplomacy. If they were inclined to act like a civilized state they would have accepted the two state solution or any of the peace deals offered. Instead they're slaughtering people who were peaceably assembled at a music festival for promoting an end to the violence! I'm sorry seems you're not a terrorist. You're a fucking Chamberlain coward, or at least pretending to be one when called out about your true beliefs.
It is theirs and it has been theirs for thousands of years.
So you don't deny you support the genocide then. You would justify it. Why don't you go join your brothers in Hamas in Gaza if you feel so strongly they're in the right?
No, but I do remember how immediately after the partition plan was adopted by the United Nations in '47 how the Palestinians fired the first shots at unarmed Jews on the Bus, and then continued with massacring as many Jews as the British allowed them to.
You would put hundreds of your soldiers at risk to conduct an operation deep within enemy territory to take out one terrorist? Vs using your superior air power and technology to just drop a bomb? What would you choose? Most generals give a shit about their soldiers lives.
[ Removed by Reddit ]
How is killing civilians and being terrorists going to solve it? Explain that because I made it clear my position is terrorism isn’t justified not efficient in accomplishing their goal.
How about laying their arms and actually sitting down to discuss peace? When was the last time they tried that huh? What do you think would happen if Hamas just steps down? Do you think Israel would march the army and conquer Gaza? After it withdrew from there?
Are you ok with what Hamas did, 700 civilians murdered, because it’s justified? You condone it correct? Just say it flatly, quit dancing around and avoiding it, don’t be a coward and hide behind both sides arguments. Own your view
1. If that’s your standard of “occupation” then you’re honestly deranged. Jews weren’t oppressing or harming people, and there was no inherent malintent in their movement into Palestine at the time.

2. The people massacred were JEWS. Being Zionist does not erase their Jewishness. They were targeted by their ethnicity and massacred. So yes, these massacres were anti-Jewish. They were also anti-Zionist. Your assertion that the two are mutually exclusive is just the other side of the coin that claims the two are indistinguishable.
Well tell israel to not create a open air prison out of a city with 2 million and maybe this wouldn’t be necessary
Whataboutisms.

You’re fine with terrorism
And you think that's okay I guess?
It's called being civil even to people you disagree with, up yours
So no body being defiled there? And there are counter protestors, too. There were no counter protestors in Gaza yesterday. In fact, celebrations in many countries, like Germany and the UK, were held. There is going to be one in Times Square NYC, too.



Even in this thread, killing 200+ people at a music festival and kidnapping many others to rape to death is "fighting back." 


People have had it with Hamas. They killed hundreds yesterday, mostly civillians.
Knifing to death. As in, the deliberate executions of non-combatants. Not the collateral damage inflicted because human shields are placed around military sites. That's exactly the collateral damage I'm talking about. You are trying to compare one side using human shields and those shields dying, to soldiers going door to door in order to execute children by slashing their throats with knives.  
  
Are you sure you aren't new to this whole thing?
>what do you think should happen to the State of Israel?

This question makes me cringe hard. If we had to "do something" to / about every state / leader that has systemic issues the size of Israel's or bigger, we would have a lot of work in the majority of countries worldwide on our hands. What do you suggest should be done?

&#x200B;

>yet failed to even investigate them

Again, not true. We can talk about specific cases where conduct was bad or accountability was lacking, but generally-speaking Israel actually does investigate such things. The bigger issue I see is believability when they repeatedly have been caught lying about events under scrutiny.

But now we have gone from 'terrorists murdered, raped, kidnapped, and paraded bodies of civilians around' to 'Israel has systemic problems in its rule of law and military policy in a decades-long asymmetric conflict.' Which is exactly the problem with equating the two.

&#x200B;

>Just curious, but how familiar do you feel you are with the I/P conflict?

Top 0,1%, I would say.
It’s odd how Palestine literally encourages it and you’re saying Israel is the bad guy bc they can’t catch it every single time
??? Okay, that's completely different from what we're talking about.  The point I'm making is that just because one side has more casualties doesn't mean the other side wouldn't be killing the same number of people, if not more, if it was more well equipped.

Be objective
Sure, but that’s like saying homeless people are expected to rape and murder because they have been oppressed by capitalism. We should not give excuses to unprovoked barbarism.
You're applying that to Muslims tho 😂😂😂
Um condoning and supporting genocide?
No, Israel is many orders of magnitude more advanced militarily than Palestine. If they were just defending themselves, would they really cause this much more death?
Both states deserve to exist, but, When one just slowly but surely keeps taking, and the other is not even in charge of their basic necessities (imports, international commerce, military defense, building, etc) is the world really honoring life for both sides?
Clearly not? According to who? You?

Israel has been encroaching onto Palestinian land with the settlers’ colonisation for decades, thousands of Palestinian civilian have been killed and many more uprooted and displaced.

Yes, HAMAS’ actions are despicable.

So are are those of Israel.
[deleted]
Am I not allowed to discuss things in a comment section?
Because Jews are wicked people responsible for the collapse of many societies. But they are still better than muslims. What are you not understanding? Its like fighting which cancer is worst. Only christianity yake the lead.
Im tired of your tough talk on an anonymous message board if you want to take this further come meet me at my home. 154 Emmett St, Bristol CT. You'll have less words then im guessing.
Yes I said Israel has millions in aid
[project much?](https://edition.cnn.com/2019/10/14/uk/richard-huckle-pedophile-killed-gbr-intl/index.html)
Do drivers need braille?

These accessibility projects are nuts.
Yeah bud, I'm not complaining
An old picture that just *happens* to come up after this malicious attack where many innocent civilians were killed. ...Yes out of nowhere.

I don't advocate for any children & women civilians to be killed, but you cannot deny that this was placed here for the reason to propagate. It's date only goes up to 2020. Keep in mind Terrorist Hamas Palestinians **Murdered** at least [260 innocent people at a music festival for peace.](https://www.cnn.com/2023/10/07/middleeast/israel-gaza-fighting-hamas-attack-music-festival-intl-hnk/index.html)  The Hamas Terrorists also raped women and also killed children in this attack. Do you seriously believe that's justifiable in any way? Don't answer that question, I already know the answer to that.   


I'd rather be Uncool than believe it's justifiable to rape and murder women and children in the name of 'revenge'.

**Edit**: Guy below/and above me blocked me so I can't respond - or see all of what he says, nor reply further when he asks for a source....rich. Logged off to read what he replied and sure enough he leaves with victim blaming and saying *"they shouldn't have been there"*. When of course in any other instance they wouldn't have been murdered had the attack happened.

It takes a special kind of evil to say that.

And sources for accounts of rape:
https://www.tabletmag.com/sections/news/articles/israel-music-festival-massacre-eyewitness-account

https://www.opindia.com/2023/10/hamas-terrorists-israel-music-festival-massacre-260-killed-shani-louk-women-raped-near-dead-bodies/

https://abc7chicago.com/hamas-israel-war-attack-gaza-strip/13879559/
Israel will counterattack Gaza, where the Palestinian population overwhelmingly supports Hamas and terrorist activity.  The Palestinian population that wants peace resides in the West Bank and the Fatah controlled Palestinian Authority.  Hamas expelled the Fatah government in 2007 and have largely become the defacto rulers of Gaza.  The West Bank Palestinians are oppressed and have my sympathy.  Gaza strip does not as they want chaos and death to further their extremist causes, including targeting other Palestinians that support the Fatah government.
The tunnels and rocket launchers don't get constructed or placed by themselves.

"Civilians" complicit by action or passivity will be identified.
It's okay because they use modern technology to do the murders apparently
100% bullshit. Stop the distraction.
Can you share a video of Israeli military / terrorist killing and raping women and children and parading them in their truck and sharing it on social media !?
Well , that justifies everything, doesn’t it? It’s great to live in a simplistic world
Your justifying terrorism on a scale and barbarity that’s on the same level as ISIS.
Which tends to happen when.......nevermind we could go back and forth to at least 722BCE.
Y’all bough right
[deleted]
If "Israel should have expected it" the Palestinians in Gaza should"ve expected it and future Israelis should expect it and future Palestinians and on and on and on.

35 week that Israelis protested the current government.

5 years of elections

2 years where Arab parties were part of a coalition government in Israel.

Irrelevant now.

But hey great comeback comment. I'm sure it's Gona comfort someone.
The utter banality of the fact the IDF has a specially built 10/22 .22lr mini sniper rifle for kneecapping little kids just broke me.

They have a special built tool for kneecapping little kids. And like 20 times the body count in civilian deaths. 

These are the same people acting ethically superior in this thread.

I do not get it. They seem to think more civilian killing is going to change something. The very definition of insanity.
Wow

Like just wow dude🤦‍♂️
So you support Israeli atrocities but object to Palestinians retaliating in kind?
/s ?
They sure got your attention yesterday lol..

Was the failure of the entirety of Isreali intelligence to predict and prevent this mess more proof that Isreal always has the upper hand?
They're about to get an upper cut to the count. Does that count?
So, you’re going with the Cheney defense? The absence of evidence isn’t evidence of absence? 

Sounds an awful lot like you’re trying to defend raping women to death by saying “the other side probably does it too, trust me bro”
Your antisemitism shines through.
Leave the city or head to hospitals where Isreal wont bomb
Get a job.
I don’t care one bit about the last 1000 years of history that has had fighting over this one slice of land.  In 2005 I might have had a different opinion but that makes no difference now.

My point is from *here forward* what option is the best option?  Which government would have the most equality, freedom and fair justice?
I'm Israeli dumb fuck. And I know exactly what the IDF do.

One side literally invests in keeping civilians safe and even now in all our war do roof knocking

The other side literally use their own as human shields.

As for settlements. Gaza is an enclosed border. Israel hasn't taken any land near Gaza since the disengagement.

Areas B and C are still disputed and Palestinians have refused every single offer and refuse to sit at a negotiating table.
If you asked me two days ago? As few as humanly possible and fucking sit down to reach a resulution.

Now? As many as it takes for Hamas to admit defeat, recognise Israel and transfer power to the PLO so there's at least only one unified group representing Palestinians.
>Should change your name to angryanddemented my guy 😎

See you keep proving my point. You have nothing to discuss on the main topic. You will simply try to provoke on a tangential, inconsequential BS. 

Let me share some news. This strategy may work on people who don't know their stuff. Not gonna work with me. :-)
It's just not the case if you trace it back. The muslims/arabs have been genocidal for centuries. They have colonized a huge portion of the globe. They were pals with Hitler. They planned on finishing what he started. They have ethnically cleansed jews several times over. They are open about this.
I'm saying that in 2006 the populace by and large supported the terrorists who 17 years later were slaughtering civilians. 

Abbas and Fatah have refused to allow elections since, and while more recent polling has shown similar Hamas popularity, polls are no substitute for a democratic election with high voter turnout.
Just as the Isreali populace supports a government that slaughters civilians.  

"At least 33 Palestinian children were killed in the retaliatory airstrikes launched into Gaza by Israel, according to the advocacy group Defense for Children Palestine.

"Hundreds of apartments and homes have been destroyed in the Gaza Strip, including refugee camps, leaving more than 123,000 people displaced, according to the United Nations...

"Gaza's main hospital, Beit Hanoun Hospital, has been damaged and is now out of service after Israeli forces repeatedly targeted the area, according to the Gaza Health Ministry...

"Ambulances can't be used right now because they're being hit by airstrikes," said Darwin Diaz, MSF medical coordinator in Gaza, in a statement."
No, it was legitimate. The were people questioning it but were acting in bad faith to undermine Hamas. Highly scrutinized, internationally verified election.
No, the election was legitimate. Numerous international observers certified this, including Jimmy Carter.
Ah yes, the group that threw their political opponents off rooptapes and raped their wives when they came into power in 2007 are the oppressed good guys in this equation.  There is a reason why Egypt, Lebanon, Kuwait and Jordan no longer take Palestinian refugees.
I don't need to watch it; I know how barbaricly Arabs fight. I look at numbers, so...
Answer my question then, you're an intelligent person right?

As to your 'facts' I believe I literally pointed out that I was discussing the first election, before hamas. As evidenced by all of what I said? Yes, they did vote in hamas after they realized it was all a sham.. their government meant nothing, it wasn't heard or acknowledged at all. 

In your own link, it describes that raids continued against Palestine the whole election. How do you read that and go "wow, how could they say fuck you to our olive branch we held out... while still attacking them" 

Delulu.
Again, a link to a resource?
Ignoring the paragraphs above discussing the 30 years of attacks and open hostility? 

Gee I wonder why they confined him...

Talk about being disingenuous on purpose. 

No side is blameless and no side doesn’t have blood on their hands. Can we stop pretending like either side is innocent.

P.s; militant leader is a pretty disingenuous term for (most of the world) listed terrorist organisation leader
Reread, I said I saw people doing that. You're proving my point. You're really reaching now, I'm very articulate and well versed in these topics because of people like you.

You're devolving to insults because you have no actual points to make. 

Spread happiness 😊
That perspective is more complicated than you think. First of all, there were significant differences between the old Yishuv, or Palestinian Jews who had lived in the area, and the Aliot - the people coming from Europe. The Aliot came in and immediately claimed to represent the old Yishuv, even though the Old Yishuv had very different ideas about coexistence and society. 

So it’s important to understand that Israel is a Jewish project, but also it’s an Ashkenazi invention. By the same token, it came out of the desperate drive to create a safe place for Jews, and also out of the colonial white nationalist worldview simultaneously. 

The latter part drove Ashkenazis to enter the area and destroy the patterns of life and power sharing that everyone else had held until then. The concepts of land ownership in the way you describe weren’t really relevant in the area until the Ashkenazis came, and they exploited the difference between legal fiction and actual practice for their own profit. 

It’s the layer of different needs and prerogatives - Israel as a Jewish state, an Ashkenazi state, and a European state - and Palestine representing the opposite of those things, that makes the conflict truly unsolvable. At least that’s what I thought when I went there.
These idiots refuse to acknowledge the atrocities committed by Hamas and instead want to refer to their whataboutery arguments throughout whatever happens next. They have a lot to say about war crimes and Israel 'being worse', but refuse to recognize that the attacks by Hamas this weekend tick _every_ box in the checklist of what you need to experience in order to declare a just war and show overwhelming force to ensure future safety.

Hamas is going to be obliterated and Gaza will be destroyed. Thousands of Gaza's people have been celebrating the medieval parade of raped and mutilated prisoners of war. When Israel reasserts force, many of those people who where cheering on their favourite 'freedom fighters', will feel some of the terror those Israeli civilians felt. I can't wait to see it, and am glad that all of this moral hand-wringing will stay on reddit where it's meaningless conjecture. I look forward to seeing videos of Israel's vengeance, which cannot be achieved in Gaza without substantial collateral damage and loss of civilian life, which is this context is a military necessity.
Sorry, I was replying to some people who say that Israel is a victim, and I was upset about that, and I responded to you by mistake 
Sorry, my friend, it's just a very painful topic to see all these massacres and the remains of children, and the siege on citizens without the slightest conditions for life, and killing them with rockets first and then with thirst and hunger And the UN Security 
 Even anesthetics are not available for surgeries, and mortuary refrigerators are completely filled with children and women To the extent that the dead are cremated or buried in large collective pits or most likely the remains of the bodies 
 Council is watching and America is clapping for this
Hypocrite, that's all I'm saying. 
You are waiting until the Palestinian people are exterminated and the number of dead reaches one million people in order to sympathize 
The difference between me and you is a false hypocrite like you is that I have seen, and am not a hypocrite, who follows what is said in the media A double-standard hypocrite who lies and then comes out to apologize 
It says it fired thousands of rockets before we talk about all this Israel has the Iron Dome and intercepts any rocket and all Hamas rockets are bad 
Before Hamas and the resistance were formed, the Israelis continued their campaigns of expansion, extermination, killing, looting and imprisonment 
The only reason Hamas attacked was Israel's actions in Gaza, and whenever Israel did something, it attacked Hamas, and even before October 7, Israel bombed buildings without media coverage. 
You hypocrite, you say that Israel is defending itself. So why does it attack the government-owned West Bank, which is completely free of Hamas, kill its citizens every year and arrest hundreds? Answer, you false hypocrite, and you have the audacity to talk as if you live there while you are a teenager in a bubble with no credibility or evidence other than novels without pictures. 
Where is your credibility where is your evidence away from the dramatic Israeli novels 
Answer me, why Palestinians have been killed since 1948 without the right to respond or defend themselves. How many families have been killed and exterminated suddenly after an aerial bombardment? 
I can't believe that great countries like America, France, Britain and India financially and in the media support Israel's barbaric campaigns against 2 million citizens who do not have weapons, water, food, or the most basic necessities of life. And if they talk, they are described as terrorism. Stop hypocrisy, you false, boring, lying 
80 percent of Palestinian children have been diagnosed with severe depression and autism 
Stop hypocrisy, you have no right to do that, and you are just a fanatic nationalist, no science, no culture in a closed space, its interpretation is an American and Israeli administration. You disgust me. 
Anyone who kills children and women and burns land for 75 years is not a terrorist and is considered self-defense!!!!! 
Double standards and disgusting and disgusting hypocrisy stop quackery

Don't talk about peace, and America is there to support every conflict with weapons, and the Security Council is watching massacres, rejoice, and misleading the media. 7,600 people have died, including more than 3,000 children and 1,100 women, and the rest are adults, and more than 1,500 are still under the rubble, and you are hypocrites

https://www.facebook.com/AJA.Palestine/videos/318694120778764/?app=fbl

https://www.facebook.com/100002689942004/posts/pfbid0o79P2UYpr4v1FqgkymrE3jHbRHptFUx46JTBssxMjCGzrSs6wzbaNsKq4ET6q8VBl/?app=fbl

https://www.facebook.com/100023218143910/posts/pfbid03r3RewsfiP9Uhjd9Z85Q2zpchSryyKXtsMJk8jQF9dmCB2AXLqg4KUZEhJhHB49Vl/?app=fbl

https://www.facebook.com/100063919996970/posts/pfbid02K34fmmM6N2uo7quH5KhSpFKNVtMbs1BGYyH7L7FafL8mf3LKd5QYzi9fu8qpKBCl/?app=fbl

https://www.facebook.com/abdulbary.zaher.35/videos/1603359403740079/?app=fbl

https://www.facebook.com/reel/359287239880407/?mibextid=rS40aB7S9Ucbxw6v


Stop hypocrisy, you blindfolded impostor, families have been exterminated for 70 years and you are closed
Yes. It was bad, they're bad. I said that.

I also said it's going to be used to justify far greater badness by the ones who have been imprisoning and mass murdering from a position of power for decades.
Just admit genocide is bad m'kay. It's not that hard.
yeah i was wrong, looks like Israel was given more than half. this wiki says 62% given to Israel - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Nations_Partition_Plan_for_Palestine

i asked GPT, and it said 56%. not surprised if GPT is wrong, because of all the false info its consumed on the internet, I'd guess that the wiki 62% is more accurate. quote below: 

> The proposed plan is considered to have been pro-Zionist by its detractors, **with 62% of the land allocated to the Jewish state** despite the Palestinian Arab population numbering twice the Jewish population.[6]

but this other source says [55%](https://imeu.org/article/backgrounder-the-un-partition-plan-for-palestine), so maybe GPT was right. safe to say more than half though
Take your own advice
its funny how you talk about war in '48 but then say "..and the support of Israel was America and France in 1973.." what?
I never said the average Palestinian person was to blame. But neither is the average Israeli.  Unfortunately, Hamas was elected (fair or not) and controls Palestine.
The question is why didn't you consider Israel a terrorist despite carrying out all the heinous massacres and genocides every year without mentioning arbitrary detention, torture and execution?
Wtf are you on about? Are you seriously claiming that most people only heard about the conflict between Israel and Palestine this year when it’s been going on for more than 70 years (even longer, depending on how you count)?
Oh no, you see- Palestine decided to declare war in the 1930s instead of simply accept that they would be shuffled off into a corner of the land they were born in. They lost and have been getting ethnically cleansed for 75 years since. So it's all their fault, really.
The truth hurts? You should be embarrassed that you are supporting a terrorist state.

Stand with Israel
Totally agree. I'm just saying there is plenty of blood on everyone's hands at this point. Its going to take a lot to make a real peace, from both sides.
>And their point was, no, most people wouldn't end up raping women and children if put in their situation.

I'm not talking about waking up tomorrow and being reincarnated as a Hama's fighter. 

I'm talking about living this life from start to finish. From Israeli bombs over forceful eviction from your home for settlers. 

This here is not the Ukraine russian war where Ukraine is pretty clearly the good side and Russia the bad side. 

Israel has acted in a way that they knew would not be welcomed by the Palestinian population. The support Hamas gets from the Palestinian side is mostly fueled by what Israel has done beforehand. It's also a religious conflict, since the entire peninsula didn't want Israel as a Jewish state but the Brits just said fuck you and did it anyway. 

Israel won't lose this conflict anyway, since the country simply has a military a couple levels above whatever Hamas can muster. 

What also most likely will happen is that Israel will once again bomb Palestinian civilians adding even more fuel, just that they now have a real justification.
there seems to be a video where they filmed a room full of hostages, women and girls, and call them "sex slaves"? I haven't confirmed it I'm not that depraved

speaking more generally, rape happens constantly on a large scale in war zones
> There are news reports of it.

Go ahead and link em. A quick google search turns up squat.
The biggest lie promoted by the disgusting Western media 
You have not seen and we have never seen this, and this news has been denied, and even these misleading videos have nothing to do with it, and some of them are Palestinian women who are insulted by the settlers. 
You leave everything we see and go hypocrisy has no credibility
For 70 years, we have seen first-hand the children and women of Palestine being killed every year, arrested and tortured without a word.
My third sentence literally started with the words "it's not okay". Thank you for the pointless reply, though.
yes, convince yourself, because our media is disgusting. 
The first one who promoted this was Biden, and the channels and America and its journalists followed him, then the same journalists and media professionals came out and denied the news and apologized for not being credible, so where was it confirmed? Did you see this in a novel and a picture on FB? 
And as someone familiar with the case, I'm telling you, we've actually seen for 70 years the children and women of Palestine being killed and abducted, and no one has heard of what happened, half of them after the abduction, and even several brutal videos of Israeli settlers assaulting women and children or killing them, and these videos have been circulating for years. 
I can't believe that several great powers such as America, France, Britain and India financially and in the media support Israel's barbaric campaigns against 2 million citizens who have no weapons, water, food, or the most basic necessities of life, and are almost isolated from the world.
The Bengal famine was 1943-44. Of course the population recovered. 

People like yourself have been whining about genocide and eradication of Palestine since the 50s.

Again, if this is a genocide, it's easily the shittiest attempt at one the world has ever seen.
[deleted]
They are wrong. 

Ez pz. But that doesn't really get us anywhere, does it? Are the militants wrong who are attacking the IDF? Or are they okay? Are the IDF bombings of hospitals right or do we have to say how wrong they are too without exception?

These situations are policy choices made and lived with for generations.

Will you unequivocally say apartheid states are wrong and there is no defense for Israel to have created this situation in the first place?
Empathy, I think is the larger context.

I *Get* why people would turn to Hamas. 

I get why they would throw their lives away inflicting pain on those who have caused theirs.

I also get Israelis response and reasons. But this is different than, as an example, Russia and Ukraine. 

The history of aggression gets murky when you have one side with all the military and money oppressing the other.


I am not justifying any specific horrible action, especially rape and murder of innocence.
Okay so Israel via Britain and some western powers invaded an already occupied area and pushed the people living there out. 

Then some local nations fought a war and Israel won.

But it's okay because they won the war. But when Gaza fights back, it's bad? But when Israel fights back, its okay?

Remember when you said that if you use violence you should expect violence used back at you? Well....yeah. That's exactly whats happening.
My intention is to not demonize an entire population for a minority faction.  Propaganda is framing this as Palestinians as a whole being responsible or complicit.
How do we understand why things happen without history? 

I totally understand what you are saying and agree, there's a lot of shilling going on, much like with the Russian invasion of Ukraine.

The history of the Semitic peoples is long and complicated; that's why I view things through a historical lense, makes it easier to filter out the BS.


Land ownership is agnostic.

Isreal flat stole their shit and keeps stealing more.
I do live in stolen land, yeah. Why does that negate my point? Y'all supporting apartheid love to deflect with this. 

Losing a war doesn't justify living under apartheid for over 70 years. Land was also stolen before any of the wars and continues to be stolen now outside of wars.

Edit: Since the coward blocked me after responding, yes, I would give up my land
> When you lose war, you lose land.

Hey poland, you lost fair and square to nazi germany, you just have to give up.
But wasn’t there once a place on the map called Palestine ?
I mean, it's Zionist settlers/occupiers and the people who lived on the land for centuries. Palestinians aren't the Assyrians, they aren't responsible for their actions
I’m not saying that I think either side is “right” in this conflict but this is exactly the same thing people say to me to try to justify or deny the Native American genocide.
Nope. It was stolen a couple thousand years ago but not by the people who are modern Palestinians.
Lmao, nationalist brainworms
So? What's your point?
Hamas is a terrorist organization of religions fanatics.  Fuck Hamas.  Shifting one people's suffering onto another was never going to end in a peaceful solution.  A few other countries supported the Holocaust too if I remember correctly, even participated in it and they did not have to give up their entire nation/state.  The US sat by and watched it happen until Japan decided to fuck around.

What happened to the Jewish people in the Holocaust does not Justify what is happening to average Palestinians.  Also, let's not forget that Jewish people were not the sole target of the atrocities in WW2 even though history would like to make us think that.  I don't recall a nation for Roma people being established anywhere.
Polls are not people.  And to further that they are abstract and often do not truly represent an entire demographic.  It could say for example, Do you agree with using force to defend further encroachment on your territory.  Saying yes to that does not mean you are going to see a Jewish person and their family and become a murderer in an instant, unless you are already a murder or wish to be one.
i think those are called "rumors"...
That's not what I'm doing, I'm using it as an example of how stupid the creation of modern Israel by Western European powers is. There are so many ways that could've been handled differently that could've changed how this conflict has evolved over the last number of decades. Creating a religious nation and just telling the people that lived there that these are your new rulers is fucking nuts and also gives a specific idea to a group of people that are being put into power from a position of someone trying to eradicate them.

None of this helped the consistent conflict that area has seen for thousands of years between varying parties.
That’s literally just Islamic propaganda.
That is true, but most do, you can imagine when all you know is the one thing they tell you over and over again, you’ll get brainwashed.
Or they just recognize they would lose all international support if they did so. Israel has driven Palestinians out of their homes into an open air prison where the quality of life is nonexistent and has been killing them and destroying what little basic infrastructure they have for decades. It's pretty clear what Israel's goals are regarding Palestinians, they've put them under an unlivable apartheid system so suggesting their goals are genocidal isn't as hyperbolic as you're making it out to be.
Dude if you remove them from the entirety of where they live, that’s extermination. Displacement is extermination. Go read about the population density in Gaza.
 
Israel’s goal for decades has been the replacement of the Arab population with a Jewish one, which is why they incentive living in settlements. It’s as clear as day.

They recognize that no treaty will call for the displacement of Israelis, so they are slowly solidifying their claim to the land.. they are making it so for Palestinians to reclaim their homes they would need to displace Jews - therefore they can claim it’s a genocide (even though that’s what they are actively doing to the Palestinians).
Vehement disagreement. That is the proper response to mass murder, actually. Anything less borders on sociopathy.
welcome to the real world, things are not always resolved through diplomacy

the Palestinian people have been ignored by the big nations this whole time, they are simply tired of standing by while they are slaughtered

they are tired of diplomacy that only brought terror into their daily lives
2,000 children. Annually. For 70 years.

That is Israel. From a *purely mathematical perspective* Hamas *genuinely* has not even begun taking revenge.
dude? you are using Wikipedia articles to try to prove a point? Yes, that shit happened, and it was REALLY SHIT. Things in that region were never peaceful, that's a fact, I never said otherwise

and the further back you look the more shit you will see on both sides, we are not here to discuss history

the question of Palestine is currently far from being religious or ethnic, there are even Palestinian Jews, there are Palestinian Christians, this is also a fact. 

The problem with the Israelites is not that they are Jews, the problem is the genocidal apartheid regime that routinely slauther jornalists and kids, and this shit happens TODAY
There was never any other way to deal with it. understand this

the world has no eyes for these people, there was never any intention of ending this genocide if not the complete extinction of the Palestinians by Israel

and no great power would have done anything to prevent this from happening. What you saw in these last few days was the revolt of a people who were ABANDONED
I agree - I would love peace. The issue is, Hamas wants to wipe Jews off the face of the earth (their stated mission). It doesnt end with Israel, and it doesn’t end with Jews. You think a christian is different to them? Think again. Even muslims that don’t practice islam the same will be on their hit list at some point. The jews are just first.
No, he's actually right when you break down where the US budget goes yearly. The US pays roughly double what Sweden does per capita for healthcare on the government side.
Pretty obvious that when you don't have insurance companies making billions as a middle man that overall costs will go down.
Basically, such a large portion of the money in the American healthcare industry goes to the administration because of how much paperwork goes into keeping track of the thousands of insurance companies and the millions of policies. 

So when you cut all that crap out and just pay the hospital staff + equipment you already had to pay for anyway, it ends up being a lot less money overall.
The US system is too entrenched at this point. A lot of people are making a killing and they pay to keep it this way. It's over $4,000,000,000,000 a year. In general, the US is the main opposition to expanding human rights around the world and domestically.
Come one man... you didn't need to diss the joke like that.
Think about the amount of money invested in bulldozing Palestinian homes and turning Gaza into an open air prison and how better the money should have been used to help civilians.
Better get to killing them all then. Make sure you don't miss the women or children either. Only way to be sure. Good luck!
And yet in this graph its clearly shows that palestenian loss significantly more than israel, so pretty sure the opposite is more true
Unless it’s a wedding then everyone aged 1-99 is a combatant. Drone strikes go brrrrr
Hey if they are dead before we even know who they are they might as well be a combatant right?
Statistically so? Love to see those statistics.
[deleted]
https://streamable.com/a7wiyk
Do you feel for ISIS as well? Do you want me to show you a graph of ISIS deaths vs allies? You are clearly ignoring the acts they are commiting. I don't need you to feel bad. Just try and see beyond the propaganda.
Sometimes it happens by mistake. They use kids as human shields. They store missiles under schools. Israel does not target civilians. Do you really see no difference?
Sure thing buddy.
Basically everyone posts from their homes are you drunk or just dumb.
Great. How would deal with people who commit such acts? Should Israel just tear down the border? How do you see that working out?
>Obviously either can have a "bad" day when they hit a blatantly civilian target.

That's a good day for Hamas.

>Of course one side of this would call a 500 pound bomb in an occupied classroom a great success.

I hope you mean Hamas in this comment, though i doubt most Israelis would be too upset either to be fair.
sure, they're nowhere near as effective, but the damage they do is the same. if a guided 500lb bomb hits a school it's gonna do the same damage as an unguided one. and no, it's not "one side" it's both. both sides are murderers.
no, i didn't read your comment mhm
No, more than half are Hamas. In fact Israel kills more militants per civilian than Hamas does. That is because Israel largely unintentionally kills civilians, whilst Hamas has the goal of killing civilians.
I deeply apologize for my immaturity. Hundreds of my people were just massacred. I’ll remember to be polite about it next time. 

You compared Palestine’s armaments to throwing stones, they throw rockets. Downplaying the strength of a terrorist organization is not directly cheering for them but you are making them seem like helpless victims, which they most certainly are not.

I will reiterate. GO SUCK A TERRORISTS COCK YOU DEVILS ADVOCATE LITTLE BITCH BOY.
[deleted]
So this is actually a question that has thoroughly been studied and answered considering the depth to which the elimination of native populations continues to form modern day society. Genocide is certainly one way that the settler colonial logic of elimination of the native can manifest, but, to copy and paste:

\> Depending on the historical conjuncture, assimilation can be a more effective mode of elimination than conventional forms of killing, since it does not involve such a disruptive affront to the rule of law that is ideologically central to the cohesion of settler society.   

From [Settler Colonialism and the Elimination of the Native](https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/14623520601056240) by Patrick Wolfe.
How about you read it moron. You Zionists are all brainwashed idiots. 

 "liberation of all of Palestine".[14][15] The new document also states that the group doesn't seek war with the Jewish people but only against Zionism which it holds responsible for "occupation of Palestine".

“The original Charter identified Hamas as the Muslim Brotherhood in Palestine and declares its members to be Muslims who "fear God and raise the banner of Jihad in the face of the oppressors." The charter states that "our struggle against the Jews is very great and very serious" and calls for the eventual creation of an Islamic state in Palestine, in place of Israel and the Palestinian Territories”

Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal stated that the Charter is "a piece of history and no longer relevant, but cannot be changed for internal reasons."[13] Hamas has moved away from its charter since it decided to run candidates for office.
You literally just said they should roll over
school future sophisticated stupendous silky combative weary rude bow correct

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
When will people learn that Middle Eastern history did not start in 1946/1948? Let's go back to 1922. Israel was to be a much larger state, including Trans Jordan. Eventually Trans Jordan was designated as the "Arab Palestine" and the land west of River Jordan was suposed to be the "Jewish Palestine" (including Gaza, the West Bank and the Golan-heights).
Weird seeing an aus-poller elsewhere haha. What are the odds!
You're going to have a real hard time arguing that point with the countless videos of palestinians cheering in the streets yesterday at news of the killing, raping, parading, and kidnapping of israelis.
You can play devils advocate on both sides all day long.



A country has a right to defend its people. 


No one has a right to indiscriminately slaughter civilians. Multiple things can be wrong at the same time.
I'll bite. Palestinian hatred goes far far back. They claim ownership of the land because their Philistines heritage. The indoctrination starts from a historical standpoint and to truly understand the situation you have to account for that. Yes Israel has done some horrible shit with their settlement programs there is real validity to their grievances but you cannot ignore history and not include its influence. The reason Palestinians hate Israel/Jews goes way way back and calling out the settlement program as one of two reasons is just ignorance.
So theres too many gang members in the country that the gangs took over the goverment. Luckily US gangs dont use religion to recruit or thug life would have moral high ground.
I mean for your #1, then keep that energy. If you're going to say "fuck those people" while hamas kills, rapes, parades, and kidnaps israelis then you cant act fucking shocked when no one gives a shit about what happens to you as a result of it. I want a free palestine, but at this point the only reality where a free palestine exists is one where hamas does not.  


For your #2, make it make sense to me then. I do believe the 2006 one was at least decently fair because there were a lot of international watchers for it. Palestinians decided they wanted terrrorists to lead them. Then those terrorists decided to never again hold another election and despite that it seems a solid 50% of palestinians still support them. They literally took over your country, took away your choice to elect your government, and yet a good chunk were cheering in the streets yesterday at news of the killing and raping. Absolutely disgusting.
> do you really expect people who's home are stolen and live in an apartheid state

Israel is not an apartheid state.  There are parts under Israel authority, and other parts under Palestinian authority, per the Oslo accords.  People from either side are restricted from acting in the other, it's not a one-way thing.

Also, it's a bit disingenuous to talk about homes being "stolen" while leaving out the context that 1) hundreds of thousands of Jews also had their homes stolen by the Arab side during this conflict, and 2) overall this was during a time of previous war where both sides wanted to deny the other a foothold for future strikes (like we're literally seeing today).
Well, there was an election that put Hamas as the ruling party of Gaza.
[Sure](https://apnews.com/article/hamas-middle-east-science-32095d8e1323fc1cad819c34da08fd87)

Edit 

Or even [better](https://www.timesofisrael.com/poll-72-of-palestinians-support-forming-more-armed-groups-in-west-bank/amp/)
Fuck attacking civilians in general.
I mean...look at the pic. Let's not pretend these attacks are equal.
You should do some reading into why people become terrorists thst arent written by westerners.
[deleted]
I wouldn't call 5k rockets launched on the first day as powerless. They made a bad choice with their acts of terror by choosing civi targets and will pay a large price for it. Now the world has dwindling sympathy because of it. Trust me I know Israel is an aggressor, but acts of terror on civilians will always garnish further violence.
Ok while I agree with your statement this level of destabilization in those countries is not normal
There is no indigenous population that didn't wanted to eliminate a settler colonial project from their land from the moment the project was declared. It's clearly justified.
Israel turned it into an Israeli access controlled prison with no ability to even access their own international waters. Israel has done nothing like leave them alone.
The basis of this comment as support is that Israel is actually doing Gaza a favor by not oppressing them to an even more totalitarian extent.
Egypt doesn't blockade their international waters and bomb their only airport. Egypt controls access between Gaza and Egypt's borders, but Israel controls access between Palestinian Territories that are illegally occupied and continually being settled. The two are not even close to being comparable.
Did you even read past my first sentence? Literally, the first paragraph is me talking about muslim anti-semitism in its modern form beginning during WW1 due to the Balfour Declaration and Rashid Rida spreading his particular form of anti-semitism.
In June 2016, the Euro-Mediterranean Human Rights Monitor released a report, titled Squandered Aid: Israel's repetitive destruction of EU-funded projects in Palestine, discussing Israel’s repeated destruction of EU-funded projects in the Palestinian territories. The report claimed that, since 2001, Israel had destroyed around 150 development projects.
Gaza could have been nice. But they are oppressed and terrorized by the israeli army.
What a laugh! Raiding people’s homes and kicking them out to move in settlers is not peace. Confining people to a narrow strip of landlocked area with no opportunity to leave is not peace.
Like I said up until the nation state of Israel was created.
You're changing the subject, i was talking about palestine and you changed the subject because you have nothing to say

it's really funny how people who are from countries that have English as a native language have to change the subject to avoid answering me, it happened multiple times for me today, meanwhile i never change the subject and always reply even though english is difficult for me
Still you are talking ~100 years, versus ~550. It really is not a good example. 

I think it is important to distinguish between Hamas and Palestinians much like we distinguish between Nazi's and Germans. 

Both elected someone to power who they could not remove and did unspeakable things in their name while indoctrinated their populations.
100%. It's a shame that it's happening. It's also punishable by death in Islam to do that. 

My point is now the world pays attention, it's like a bad fucking joke.
\> No matter who it happens to, right?

There is the daily violence of the oppressor, and then there is enough violence by the oppressed to beat them. This willful lack of context is ahistorical and useless. It would be correct to say more principled violence against the oppressor is needed, but violence upon a settler population is justified as long as settler colonialism is justified.
Yes, yes they do.   


Sadly. But it speaks more about them than anything else. That's why they didn't reply to you.
Oh, so you finally admit the Arabs conquered and colonized the land eh? Good job

>Umar II banned Jews from worshipping on the Temple Mount before his death in 720, a policy which was to remain in effect over the next 1,000 years of Islamic rule. In 717, new restrictions were imposed against non-Muslims that negatively affected the Jews. Heavy taxes on agricultural land forced many Jews to migrate from rural areas to towns. Social and economic discrimination caused significant Jewish emigration from Palestine, and Muslim civil wars in the 8th and 9th centuries pushed many Jews out of the country. By the end of the 11th century the Jewish population of Palestine had declined substantially

Colonizers complaining about being colonized lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
You should always do the right thing. Even if it’s hard.
Russia and Israel are both violent expansionists who have gotten worse in the last 10 years. We shouldn’t accept behaviour of either of them.

Maybe they will win. But they need to be condemned in the loudest possible terms

Not treated like an ally. Because that makes us complicit
How about I draw a square around you and don’t let you leave the square? Can I say you’re being unreasonable if you complain? I won’t be in your square. Just outside, controlling what can and can’t reach you.
What I've provided was 20 years after the start of Zionism by Theodore Hertzel, who was struggling to gain followers, and the real start of Zionism when it had started gaining strong footing, and had just won its first case of international support from the British. I was simply stating facts, buuut that seems to get you all butt hurt and start calling people Nazis. This is an era when Israel as a country wasn't a thing, yet, somehow Palestinians were the invaders in this scenario? What're u nuts?
Where is it exactly?
Uh, nope. The land Israel is on is the ancestral homeland of the Jews. Any occupied land is literally the result of Palestine starting and losing multiple wars in their attempt to do a Holocaust 2.
>Israel is occupying Palestinian land. That's a fact.

I love how confidently you state this. Even though anyone with an *actual* understanding of the history of the region would know that the Jews have had a continuous population there for millenia. Yanno, significantly longer than the many Arabs who relentlessly invaded, colonised, and settled the famously Jewish land and ethnic home (Judea, Samaria, etc).

Also, anyone who says

>Palestinian land

Immediately renders their opinion irrelevant, because they either don't know, or they actively ignore the fact, that prior to the creation of Israel, all the Jews in the region were called Palestinians. The long and uninterrupted Jewish population were Palestinians, as in civillians from Palestine. But of course, they don't count. Only the Muslim Palestinians have a claim to the land, even though the Jews have been there for *significantly* longer.
Your denying Israel has settlements on Palestinian land?

Or just playing word games.

https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/campaigns/2017/06/israel-occupation-50-years-of-dispossession/
Now compare them to the Saudis, Iraqis, Afghans, etc.. Who's more progressive? It's Israel dipshit. If you read past Israel in my first comment, you would have understood it was comparing their peers.


Also Israel has attempted to work with Hamas, who actually has that "getting rid of democracy and ethnically cleansing" in *their* charter, but why would you bother reading that lol! Everyone knows how dumb jews are right? /s
I suggest logging off Twitter? Or whatever social media that still bans Nazis.
I'm not talking about it being necessary, just that's what happens when you try to do an apartheid.
Good.
Cool. Really refuted my point there.  gg
Brain dead
This data is what actually happened.
Apologist would try to change the actual history but foreign country will remember as it is. because they don't need to change for Israel.
There's no merit to support terrorist state who had been treating Palestinian like animal for long time.
No I've followed all of that. And it's one thing to strongly disapprove of the Israeli government continuing to take land in settlement regions, while also acknowledging that Hamas is a terror group who maintains power by provoking Israel at every turn to use propaganda and get money and followers. 

And yesterday they slaughtered 600 innocent civilians at a music festival.
> I said they were not justified multiple times. 

Yes, it was obvious that you were talking from both sides of your mouth, what you were saying was clear to me.

"Killing innocents is wrong, but..."
And yet you're spending a lot of time here trying to push this idea that this attack isn't a travesty because someone did something else in the past. Why is that? You are allowed to admit when the wronged side does something wrong. You don't have to toe every fucking line that is presented to you. Although I took a peak at your profile, and I saw you're just a hateful person in general. You hate gay people, trans people, Christians, jews, and I bet you'd hate Muslims if you weren't one. Really very gross personality. PS your argument about spectrum=choice is the dumbest shit i've ever read.
“They killed innocent people at a music festival in an act of desperation.” Yeah fuck right off.
That outrage has absolutely been felt previously, what are you on? Hamas has made a horrible mistake and erased any good will that has been building for them. Just because you are drawing bigoted lines around certain populations doesn't mean the rest of us are. Stop excusing this.
Touch grass is the only thing I can say to such a comment.

Let me try bringing this to your level. If two men go into a fist fight, you'll assume they are also calling each other slurs.

Asking for proof of rape afyer shit we have seen is the same as asking for proof of the said two men calling each other slurs after going into fist fight.

Rape is a precursor to said atrocities.
>But as you can see in the graph Israel kills many more Palestinians than Palestinians kill Israelis.

Not for lack of trying. From 2001 to 2014, there were 18,928 mortar and rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip directed at Israel. That amounts to 3.7 explosives fired indiscriminately at civilians per day. Brushing that off is like saying attempted murder isn't a real crime and shouldn't be taken seriously.
[deleted]
Stop! Historical context is inconvenient!
Iron Dome was introduced in 2011. The data show that in terms of casualties things have remained relatively similar on the Israeli side - barring 2014, which was abnormally high on both sides. Meanwhile the number of Palestinian casualties has generally been higher since the Irone Dome, though more pre-2011 data would be useful for this.
I personally feel like dead people are dead people and the less we have of them the better it is. And arguing that one side is “cheating” by not having a missile defense system is pretty weird. If we lived in neighboring houses and there was a flood that messed up my house, but you were smart enough to buy something like a private dam, would you say we’ve suffered the same fate and demand the same insurance payment?

No one is giving Hamas the benefit of the doubt btw, they are pieces of shit who deserve what’s coming their way. But a lot of people are afraid that it won’t be just Hamas who will get the missiles up their ass.
Well, I guess your last paragraph really outlines where you and I disagree.
Not with the iron dome they don’t. If I throw rocks at you and you’re in an armored suit or a literal tank they won’t do anything.
It doesn't seem fair to ignore 2000-2005 period as leading up to that shift in power. Israel gets a pass here because of the horrible tactics used by Palestine but for a regular citizen of Palestine getting shelled by tanks and from the air must've been hell. 

Imo Israel got way to used to controlling the narrative successfully including but not limited to brazen acts such as bombing that international news building last year (or two years ago) and claiming "well...umm, there were some Hamas in the basement, trust me bro". I don't believe for a second that a faction of Israeli goverment isn't happy to keep provoking a conflict. With policies of segregation at this point they've essentially raised a new generation of 15 year old combatants who grew up in this madness, kids who are super easy to mold into whatever narrative Hamas pushes upon them.

You had the defense of the iron dome and you were technologically far superior, there has to have been a better path to take
>  a) they were violent in the first place b) they are acting illogically to challenge force so much stronger

Lol
>You call it lying, I call it different perspective.

I call this dishonesty.

>If you think that this is some cherry picked data we’re seeing here and that there is more to the story, you should say that.

Not to get excessively sarcastic here, but yes, there is more context to a century long conflict than a list of casualties.
My guy, 2020 is not old data. It is perfectly relevant, and it's extremely unreasonable to expect data on this stuff up to the current year. It takes years to gather and calculate the cost of violence.
True, but if you google this quickly, you will see that even in the last 3 years, Palestinians suffered a lot more injuries and deaths than Isreal. Prior to 2008, there is no data on WHCO. You may be able to scrape data from articals/wiki for certain time periods. 

There is no denying that in the last decade and a half, Israelis have been oppressing and killing Palestinians.
It's super weird that you suddenly support proxy wars and the military industrial complex.

You didn't used to like... three years ago.

That's all I'm saying.
Yep.  Arming and training insurgencies in a proxy war against Russia is the morally just thing to do.
>Abbas insisted elections could not be held without the full participation of Palestinians in east Jerusalem. Israel has yet to say whether it would allow voting by mail there as in past elections and has enforced a ban on Palestinian Authority activities, including campaign events[...]

>But delaying the elections over Jerusalem could also be seen as a pretext, because only a small number of voters in the city would actually require Israel’s permission. Abbas’ rivals had suggested workarounds so as not to give Israel an effective veto over elections[...]

>Hamas had been expected to perform well in the May 22 parliamentary elections because of widening divisions within Fatah, which split into three rival lists. The militant group condemned the delay, saying the decision “doesn’t agree with the national consensus and popular support and is a coup.”[...]

>The last elections, held in 2006 with international support and Israeli cooperation, saw Hamas win a landslide victory

Essentially, Israel and Fatah have coordinated to block recent elections because Hamas has been projected to win.
[deleted]
Lmao triggered af
Once again, I ask you, please calm the fuck down.
I think all violence is bad actually 👍
Holy shit man. Listen this is pretty simple. I am NOT denying the data. I am NOT disputing the data. I am saying it is being posted by OP for propaganda purposes. It is simply a fact.

I'm sorry if it hurts your feelings to hear that it is being posted to specifically push an angle. Propaganda doesn't have to be false is what people like yourself miss. The fact you don't see it objectively is proof of how well it works
“Innocent”.
I don't believe he ever was crucified. Even if he was,it wasn't a sacrifice at all. God sent himself down in human form, as a sacrifice to himself, to serve as a loophole for rules he made up. You believe too many fairy tales and it's making you into an immoral dick

If he wanted to,he could reveal himself to each and every human CONCLUSIVELY, none of this "oh you've got to read signs" bullshit. If he can reveal himself in person to Saul,he can do it for everyone else and clear up the confusion while he's at it. "Remember all the evil shit in the bible ? Yeah don't listen to that anymore,it's immoral". That's all he'd have to do
He has the power to prevent it,you moron
But if God is all-knowing wouldn't he already had known we would eat the 'fruit of knowledge'? 

Since he's all-knowing it would be impossible for him to truly 'test' us because he would already know the outcome.
You just love to make bald assertions and can't back it up. People weren't given free will in Christianity at all. If you're being a good person out of fear of eternal torture,then not only is that not free will,that means you're a terrible person
But what if, and follow me on this.. 

That’s not true.

If you’re going to offer your hot take crack pot opinions/theories, be prepared for people to shit on them.
What if I really don’t ever think about it or truly are never affected by it personally, it’s just absent man, please reconsider that your worldview doesn’t work the same as others.
You are beyond known levels of density. My point was that Israel and Palestine are historically fighting in part for religious reasons. Saying that "God" is the solution is laughable and beyond ironic.
There are Israeli hostages too. So ofc they won't level anything yet. They'll use bombing and siege tactics to force hostage releases and since America has a battlegroup in the region, they will also try to get their citizens out. After that it's all up in the air.
The Jews were living there before the Arabs ethnically cleansed the area and they were forced the flee.
I don’t even know tbh.
>Wait that's why you're calling them incompetent ?

Yeah... Judging the enemies strength vs yours is fundamental to military competence.

>Don't get me wrong, I don't think the Hamas will win this fight, but asymmetrical wars were won several times.

And were crushed even more times. And given the history in the Middle East, pretty sure it'll end the same again. Entire Arab coalitions were demolished by Israel. No way puny Hamas had a chance.

>Ask the US about any country they bombed and tried to control ever since WW2.

I think that's a different scenario. America was an invader in those cases. That's why asymmetrical wars were won against them. Those countries outlasted the US will to fight. 

But Israel literally lives there. They won't give up. They themselves have nowhere else to go.

>It's not like they have a choice, their land were given away.

Neither does Israel. So the only way this ends is of one side is destroyed. And that side ain't gonna be Israel. Hamas signed Gaza's death certificate with this stunt.
[deleted]
well yea, of course palestinians dont get to access amenities, i thought that was clear
What do you think happens to the 9 million Israeli citizens if the state of Israel stops existing? Guess where those people are going to go and what happens to the region
International politics is quite literally entirely about conflict and achieving the self interested goals of your own country. Thinking we can just pretend that isn't true and ignore reality won't actually change reality. Russia/Iran/China aren't going to become benevolent if the US retreated into isolationism.
IDF identifies a building that has either missile launchers in/on it, or is an operations base with telco/servers/other infrastructure. But it's residential. They send a roof knock. People evacuate. Even terrorists. There isn't enough time to remove the infrastructure or ordnance. Big boom knocks it out. Lives spared, infrastructure and weapons eliminated. Most other countries, occupiers or not, are so kind to their opposition.
Lmao, you are trying to defend the people who just killed 260+ civilians at a concert, raped and paraded dead women through the streets and murders people hiding in bunkers

Eat shit you terrorist bootlicker
The real difference being that Hamas is going all out and Israel/IDF have been holding back. It's going to be rough once the IDF becomes convinced that peace is no longer an option.
Bit of a different situation. The US only had to let them know twice not for years.
And for the last few decades you could watch videos and read reports of the IDF blowing up hospitals, killing women and children and targeting journalists who cover it. Not to mention the fact Gaza is an open air prison and Israel has pushed Palestinians out of their homes. The figures are literally right in front of you but you've managed to spin things so that the Palestinians killed by the IDF are actually also the fault of the Palestinians. The conflict didn't start yesterday just because you started paying attention yesterday
Drones are modern tech… stop playing dumb
Plus no one wants Palestine refugees is in their country. Are they still refugee camps in the Middle East?
Ah. You are the Muslim hater. i.e. your narrative :  “Muslim writers == fanatic Muslim writers. Never gone read anything about that. I only believe our “truth” writer who hate Islam. “  amazing logic!! 

Haha .. wiki is the source of your truth . Our argument stop here. I already shared an entire book. I can share more Arabic books. I.e Tarik from each century but you can’t read Arabic I presume. 

And yes arabic was international language before colonial era.

Still, understand: there is no time frame in my comment.
But who is actually the one firing the bullets and missles? If a terrorist is using a human shield, you don’t just shoot into the shield.
On my second point I am referring to children in cages and by the crowd I was referring to a journalists funeral and  believe people were shot by the IDF.

I believe we both can come to one conclusion here and that is that power on both sides of the conflict are manipulated with extremism (more on the hamas side) and pursue aggressive/vile strategies and policies against the other person. Both view the other as a completely immoral and unjustifiable enemy and launches vile and brutal attacks against those that are likely innocent caught within the conflict (israeli and palestinian civilians)
Doesn't justify parading dead, mangled woman while the crowd cheered. Spitting on her and yelling loudly - "Allah hu akbarr"

Take your terrorist nonsense to hell.
>Hamas fires 5000 rockets because its the best they can do, if they had 5000 advanced missiles they would fire them all as well.

Source?

I imagine hamas probably has unfired rockets at this very second, don't you?

>Hamas is weak but willing to do anything to kill Jews, Israel is strong but didn’t go all out so far

Israel is a colonialist nation that shouldn't exist. Pretty sure Hamas doesn't give a shit about jews in an abstract sense. More like "kill people who moved here specifically to steal our land and make a nation out of it"

Do you think in a magical scenario that a genie snapped their fingers and safely teleported the population of Israel to montana, that Hamas would just start building a rickety navy to kill the jews?
You’re reading too much into the analogy. He’s just comparing the relative strength of the weapons each side uses.
How long ago was the migration?
the Hagana called, armed militia and ex ww2 vets wreaking havoc and killing civilians? No? don't know of em?
Alrightt 🤡
And also somehow mind controlled the majority of Palestinians to vote for them?

GTFO with that conspiracy theory nonsense
> It's impossible to remove the situation of Israel constantly expanding and pushing out Palestinians, often violently, with the existence of HAMAS. 

Every time the Palestinians lost territory, it was because of wars that they started and then lost. And there is no excuse for this level of violence. Everyone likes to bring up the Holocaust as a comparison, so I'll do it too. If the Holocaust victims had kidnapped Nazi children and raped them the way the Palestinians are right now, they would have deserved their fate. 

> a Palestinian nationalist group is going to tend to violence when they credibly believe someone is eliminating their nation.

They aren't just taking Israeli citizens as hostages. They literally murdered a German citizen (she was attending a rave as a tourist) and then proceeded to mutilate her naked corpse and paraded it around cheering. Germany had been sending monetary aid to the West Bank before this happened, and now they have cut all funding. Her country wasn't "eliminating their nation" they were helping. So what excuse are you going to make now for murdering and desecrating this innocent woman?
On top of the great comment made by Comprehensive-Bad, you do realize that the only reason this is happening to the Palestinians of Gaza is because they’re the weaker party that insists on continuing conflict?

If Palestine had the military and economic advantage they would outright slaughter the Israelis. That’s not speculation, that’s a fact. Look at what happened when they attacked the Jewish quarter post WW2, every single jewish man woman and child were killed or forced to flee

Palestinians don’t want Israel to stop expanding, the don’t want an end to the Gaza situation, they want Israel to stop existing and every jew dead
You may not have noticed, but you just proved my point. Thanks.
[deleted]
Can you read? Iam telling you claims on ethnic history tied to land is a stupid justification. One youre willing to make but only for 1 country it seems haha. Also that wasnt hitlers justification for invading poland my guy.
Hamas is not the same as the Palestinians and you have to be delusional to call me anti semetic for saying that war crimes against poor people are unacceptable. Guess when you can’t fight the logic the names come out to play.
Thanks, I guess I needed to google anti-bds laws instead Isreal anti boycott oath.
No, you don’t

A loyalty pledge is a very specific thing, and is in no way similar to a promise not to participate in a boycott

OP using that language is purposefully misleading
fun fact, while we "offer" the pledge every day (I'm not certain if offering it is required or not, but every school I've been in or worked at has done so), it is specifically *not* required to participate, and we are forbidden from insisting that students do it, or punishing them for not doing it. (To be clear, I wouldn't want to do either of those things, but obviously teachers are not a monolith and there definitely are those who want to.)
Israel's defense technology and intelligence is keeping your sorry ass safe. What do you think it means to have a geopolitical ally?
Ok, now go back to what you wrote and play spot the differences. You completely changed it
No. Israel is not that confrontational, even with all the weapons, artillery and billions they are given by the US. ISraeli soldiers go into Local markets where Palestinians live disguised as civilians and carry out assasinations silently, before killing and bombing the neighborhood and fleeing with reinforcments after. They do this becuase they know that they are not allowed in these areas, because if they get caught they are not only breaking UN resolutions or their promise of peace, they are are also committing murder in broad daylight, which they don't want the media to portray. I can count over a hundred times where Israel has murdered a child or a woman without any reason. Shireen Abu Aqleh (google her).  I won't get into the list of jounralists killed by Israel over the past 20 years, or the list of medics they assasinated in Gaza and West bank.

IF you ask me whos more barbaric..well the Israelis do what happened the other day in Gaza every other week through out the year against Palestinians, but you don't see it or hear about it. You can shut your eyes to it, but this is the truth.
I know more than you for sure. The truth is hard for some people.
Here's some context. Palestinians literally had their land stolen from them and given to a hostile government. Then the people in gaza were put in what is basically an open air prison and are being killed by the thousands every year. But yes, the far right anti democratic state of Israel are the victims.
It’s Reddit. The people here don’t give a shit about logic, facts, or history. They care about 5 second sound bites they can keep in their tiny attention spans
Yes, it's incredible that the nuclear state with billions in cutting edge US weapons is better able to "protect" thier people. Who could have ever predicted that 🤣. Get the fuck outta here with that nonsense.
Well in that case so should Israel
Seems like people have to unite and stand together to do things and the only thing these people seem to be doing is this. The entire culture is about keeping large swathes of their people uneducated and breeding to keep their soldiers coming. I’m sorry if it seems like I have a bloodlust for civilians but I actually have a lust for good and good won’t come without some level of accountability and discipline.
>No, it sounds like you are trying to justify your bloodlust for innocent civilians.

he says, defending the side that just yesterday murdered hundreds of civilians hiding in shelters and attendign a rave
Well that’s not the same thing now is it? It would be more like one tank firing a missile at another tank, and that missile just happened to miss or get destroyed on its way to the other tank. You’re trying to oversimplify the situation just to support your argument.
We aren’t talking about who’s justified in doing what. Just stating that an act of war isn’t negated by the fact that the act of war was unsuccessful.
By trying to make some bullshit argument about the legal difference between attempted murder and actual murder?

Look both sides are incredibly fucked up, but this graph is unbelievably misleading and hurtful to any rational argument.
Why are you changing the subject ? I wasn’t the one that was wrong… you were and then you had to nerve to insult me saying I don’t know about the subject. I’m still waiting for you to admit you were wrong
"Hamas has to target civilians cause israel bad 😭"

Lol gonna call me disgusting while cheering for the slaughter of civilians, peak tankie brain rot
So bombing those civilian locations have stopped the HAMAS bombings, right? Or have they continued regardless of whether literal innocent Palestinian people were killed or not?
How do you not get this?  Shooting at children is evil.

Shooting at civilians is evil.

Doesn't matter who the person is.  A Palestinian child is every bit as precious and worthy as an Israeli child.
Where did you get that in my world anyone can kill with impunity?
There is no deal that would end the blockade, have the Israeli government recognize Palestinian territory, and remove the military occupation of the West Bank that they'd ever agree to. Not while they know they have an arms advantage thanks to the US. And Palestine would never agree to a deal that didn't include those three things
Nah, I think Israel has treated Palestine horribly and Netanyahu can eat a dick. Up until the attack by Hamas, I was strongly in favor of the Palestinian people. Even if I did see awful videos of celebrations that were purported to be the Palestinians of today, I still am in support of their freedom and well-being. 

All that said, it doesn't excuse indiscriminate killings of civilians. Do you know what does excuse indiscriminate killings of civilians? **Nothing.** That's why it's fucked when the IDF does it and it's fucked when Hamas does it.

I can see that it's race based for you. I understand. I'm pulling for you to find inner peace, my dog.
So your only point is that Israel is overwhelming powerful, and anyone going into Gaza would be singing his death sentence. That's the civility you expect from a Zionist mut. People in Palestine suffer daily, you only suffer in your head. A weak and small person, holding to whatever abstraction and illusions that will make him seem powerful.

Nothing more pathetic than Jewish victimhood.
The definition contained in the UN Article II of the Convention describes genocide as a crime committed with the intent to destroy a national, ethnic, racial or religious group, in whole or in part.

Population growth is NOT a proof against genocide according to the international law. It's not about the numbers of deaths, it's about the intent of the crime that classifies it as genocide.
https://worldwithoutgenocide.org/genocides-and-conflicts/israel-palestine-conflict-history-causes-and-international-law

https://www.un.org/unispal/document/auto-insert-186897/

[Here is another breakdown that explains how it constitutes genocide](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&opi=89978449&url=https://ccrjustice.org/sites/default/files/attach/2016/10/Background%2520on%2520the%2520term%2520genocide%2520in%2520Israel%2520Palestine%2520Context.pdf&ved=2ahUKEwjG2uyrmOiBAxWHhIkEHfJZBZkQFnoECAgQAQ&usg=AOvVaw0pr1vXkFXoVURa14VThQU_)
I'm sure if the US were under the boot and mercy of an authoritarian regime in Saudi Arabia that would systematically send soldiers into the US to harass and kill our citizens and have their people forcibly steal our family homes, then things would be different.  

Yet they arent...and hypotheticals mean absolutely nothing to not only the dead, but to the people who have suffered for decades under oppression and illegal settlements. Nobody is against Israelis defending themselves, yet they can't use self defense as a shield from criticism of how they treated Palestinians.
[deleted]
https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/campaigns/2022/02/israels-system-of-apartheid/
They gave it to the Palestinians in 2006. The Palestinians chose hamas and along with hamas, any freedom they could have had. Why do you think egypt also blockades gaza? Hamas are fucking terrorist scum, who are you to call Egyptians privileged???  

And you keep deflecting from the atrocities hamas commits against THEIR OWN PEOPLE. The things hamas does to gazans is as horrible as what israel does.
No argument on bibi though.
Is it? Seems like it's just presenting the facts as they are. We don't need to take sides, neither side needs to surrender to the other for this conflict to end. At the end of the day, more Palestinian civilians are suffering and dying at the hands of Israelis then the other way around. The people mourning the lives of their loved ones don't care about the hypotheticals or philosophy.
Sure, carry on chewing the victim narrative grass like the rest of the world’s manipulated sheep. I guess history doesn’t exist for you, just this very moment in time.
Helps you garner support, justify your excessive actions and while you’re at push your plan ahead and save your political career.
On one hand yes, on the other, they need to be able to defend themselves to some degree. Also there are way to many angry young man that see no future in life. It's basically a recepie for terrorism.
Oh shit my bad, lets give america and canada back to the indians, turkey to the greeks and england to the celts while we are at it. You stupid fucking retard.
It's more like you have a house, I move in one day, and then I call you a nazi because you don't want to share it
That's all fine and good but how are they supposed to do their if Israel keeps bombing them and displacing their families? Gaza is an open air prison because of Israel.

Can you honestly say Israel hasn't been more wrong over the last 30 years?
[deleted]
No you didn't. I asked you if Israel was an apartheid state and if Israel has been completely justified in their killing and displacement of Palestinian families over the decades. Both questions require a yes or no answer
42 knees
>What are Palestinians supposed to do?

Perhaps not murder civilians?

Agree to a two-state solution without trying to murder Jewish people?

So now that I've answered your question, you mind answering mine?
I'm sure that child who had his throat slit in front of his family was a raging "zionist".

(zionist is just a racist dogwhistle you animals use)
So I *was* right about the harassment. You could try calling people out with real facts instead of shit you just make up or harassing them. Did it ever occur to you that you might be wrong? That there are those you claim on this site (as *I* showed *you*), but your ability to spot them is lacking or worse, outright purposefully disingenuously used as a cudgel to silence fair criticism?

Maybe a better question - do you ever focus your Fascism Spotter 5000 at the Israeli government? What has it gleaned so far? If you're unwilling to criticize them at all, you don't sound very objective. Because I can pretty comfortably say that there are fascists in that government, just as there are some lurking conspiracy, but instead of just clowns with keyboards, they're causing real violence to real innocent people. What kind of person enables that? You can make baseless accusations all day, people see right through it. No matter how many upvotes your alts are throwing at it.
You set out the correct premises, but didn’t draw out the correct conclusion. Let me help

Rape+murder+ palestine = I’m not suporting them becuse it’s a clear violation of human rights
 Rape+murder (about thousandfold) + Israel = hmmm, idk seems fishy to me?

You must be fucking joking. Also, i find your assesment of this situation quite funny. Yes, sure a brutal murder of 100 or 1000 people is a tragedy. But i would and do find the killings of 100k people murdered in cold blood more horrific. And no, its not even close.
> I'm not gonna support the people who think that the rape and murder of random women and children should be glorified and is right

Fuck you, faux Catholic.

You're blatantly defending the rape and murder or Palestinians.  You don't care about the crime, you only care about the political affiliations of victims.  Follower of Jesus that condemns the neo-nazi state of netanyahu's Israel?  Fuck them according to you.

Self-proclaimed "christian" that thinks Muslims are goblins?  You seem fucking giddy to support them.

You're abhorrent.
I have no idea what's going on here, but this a very entertaining comeback.
Fascists gotta support fascists.
Tf u talking bout. I'm neither from from Israel or Palestine, just an honest human who despise Hamas and Palestinians love for starting shit time and again. They get what they deserve
Never suggested it did.

Two wrongs don't make a right.  Netanyahu being a nazi does not excuse it, but it explains it.
>You should stop believing propaganda

Imagine saying this is propaganda and not the FACT that Israel controls *everything* going in and out of Gaza, including medical supplies.

>Israel has tried peace several times, and each time has been met with violence

Can you show me when exactly Israel wanted peace that didn't destroy Palestine and *their fucking land*?

Israel has not once offered PEACE. They offered "we'll stop attacking you if we get the land that you live in". (Oh hey that's exactly what Russia is doing in Ukraine. Yet I bet my ass you're "siding" with Ukraine on this).

>The goal of Palestinians is to eradicate all Jews.

It's Jewish People, not Jews. Learn some fucking ethics. The goal of Israel is to eradicate Palestinians and force them out of *their land*.

Are you ignoring how Israel didn't follow *their own promises* regarding the land of Gaza? Are you ignoring when Amnesty International condemned the Israeli MP for wilful killing *that can be considered war crimes* and the injury of hundreds of people, including children?

Out of 25 people that Amnesty investigated, NONE posed any threat.

Or let's talk about that 1 IDF asshole that killed a Palestinian for wanting to enter Israel illegally and got demoted and received a *1 year sentence*.

Hell, in 2012 *every foreign minister of the EU* condemned what Israel has been doing with their expansion *which is against the terms they agreed to*.

Israel is doing *exactly* what Russia is doing but you are too blind to see because *you* only know 1 side.
> Well. Did you still see how they use hostages as shields?

No. What I saw was a report of how Israel threatened to destroy someones home with a drone as some kind of collective punishment. The home owners neighbors responded to this by voluntarily entering the home to try to prevent its destruction. Israel's military then destroyed the home despite being well aware of the fact that their were seven claims in the home protesting its imminent destruction. That wasnt using hostages as shields. That was seven civilians being murdered for protesting.

Seriously, read the shit you are posting. 

> I read it and they do say that Hamas is discouraging evacuations

So you saw the part where the IDF dropped a flare from a drone, clearly identified the protesting civilians and then blew them up anyways?
"Why not just kill every citizen belonging to our rival nation?"

Basically because Israel isn't a potency to the extent that the US, Russia or China are. So it doesn't have the international liberty to do so without retaliation. Even they can't go around doing whatever suits their needs (as we can see by the recent invasion of Ukraine). I don't base that on empty words. Read up on the concept of [States Anarchy](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/259738648_Anarchy_Anarchism_and_International_Relations) in International Relations Theory.

About Roof Knocking. As I already responded another comment on the matter, I will just copy the response from there:

"Oh yes, the Roof Knocking practice. The same one that multiple resources put as ineffective in preventing civilian deaths. Since you said that Israel always warns before it strikes, did your statement include the situations where the [warning itself killed civilians](https://www.timesofisrael.com/liveblog_entry/idfs-roof-knocking-tactic-killed-two-teenagers-in-2014-gaza-war-report/)? Did you mention that sometimes the warning is as close as [5](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2014/07/09/roof-knocking-the-israeli-mjilitarys-tactic-of-phoning-palestinians-it-is-about-to-bomb/) to [15](https://www.reuters.com/world/middle-east/gazans-said-they-got-15-minute-warning-before-israeli-strikes-destroyed-homes-2022-08-06/) minutes before the strike itself? Is that enough time to evacuate a building? What about the elderly? Or the kids that were alone at home?"

Sounds like an effective way of dealing with casualties? If you search a little bit you will find a lot controversy about this practice.
The Jews that immigrated to Israel are not the Jews that left Israel. They had lived in and married into Europeans for nearly 2000 years. Even the language changed. Saying the European Jews had a right to return to Israel is like saying after another 1500 years the Americans have a right to return to England, massacre the locals, and take their land. 

A majority of Palestinians are decedents of the Jews who never left the Levant. Many converted to Islam. These families had unbroken connections to the land for thousands of years. But they were displaces and even today are illegally denied the right to return to the land of their birth. Other Palestinian are of Arabic descent and they too have hundreds or thousands of years of connection to that land.

Even today Israel offers the right to “return” to any Jew anywhere in the world, no matter how far removed in time and distance from a connection to Israel or Palestine. And at the same time their deny the right of return to any displaced Palestinian, no matter how recent their removal from Israel or Palestine.
Thank you for your valuable contribution bruh.
Where are you born, and where do you live?
We didn’t do shit.

Israel is currently doing things.

Can y’all not tell the difference?
Most Native Americans were killed by American colonizers or by the introduction of foreign diseases. There literally are not enough natives to live in America by themselves. 

At least the reservations that exist in the US are heavily funded by the US government and there are tons of government benefits for Natives. Along with that, they are equal by law and there is no prejudice against them in the US.

The same cannot be said for Israel.
>geopolitics and diplomacy

Obviously not. Because civility went out the window about a century ago. 

Tell me, do one of these "solutions" involve Palestine regaining their land?
The Palestinians? Yes it’s theirs. The first inhabitants where Canaanite’s (Arabs).
Pretty fucking ignorant to stick your words in someone else’s mouth.

Feel good?
I don’t support genocide. I support the liberation of the Palestinian people from the occupation you brainwashed idiot.
\>"No, I don't remember the mass expulsion of Palestinians from their home that was one of the defining moments of Israel being founded, but I do remember after being displaced by settler colonists (which I don't remember happening), for some reason Palestinians did not accept a generous deal to only lose half of their land to a colonialist force that sees itself as the superior race"
Yeah… they just innocently waltzed into stolen land
Israelis have raped Palestinian women for decades lmfao

Your cries are hollow as fuck kid
don't run away from my question, be a man and answer my question 

or do you have 0 knowledge on the matter and just love to run your fingers on the keyboard?
They will refuse to. Their religion demands jews are killed and humiliated. The religion also propjesizes that a huge war will happen between the Muslims and Jews and that the Jews will be annihilated. There I said it, the truth no one wants to acknowledge that we all know on this side of the cultural fence. FYI that same lovely religion was the one i was born into and believed, which tumed me into a shameless antisemite for half of my life before I questioned many aspects of that religion and left it. Since then I do not give a fuck about the Palestinian cause. I also fully condemn the ethnontionalists of Israel, but know there is a diversity of opinion there. many younger Israelis are ashamed of their govt, or want a two state solution and peace. However, in Palestine, and the Islamic world at large, there is only one mindset goal and opinion that people are allowed to have of Israel and Jews (they are one and same in this mindset), and Westerners dont want to consider it because it makes all their Muslim buddies not look so cool anymore. But its always been the goal, even before Israel was a state, and it will not change insofar as their highly antisemitic and bloodthirsty religion refuses to reform and see Jews as human beings and not evil agents of shaytan or the dajjal (antichrist) that virtually all imams and Islamic scholars say or hint to. There are cassette tapes in ENGLISH and Youtube videos about it by Muslim scholars, it's as plain as day). Greetings from an exmuslim who gives empathy to those who truly put peace first. All others can make excuses for "but my God wants you all dead" by skirting around the root as to why there will never be peace there, but all they are nothing but excuses to detract from the truth. Look back to how we were raised, and what we were taught to believe without question. You'll find your answer there and its not a pretty one. And yes, Islam is a major world religion, so you may have to ask the other 1.2 billion (still) Muslims their views. You won't like their answers...
It doesn't matter what I think from a pragmatic point of view. At some point the atrocities were bound to come from both sides instead of only one. If you could ballpark it. Just a number would do for both questions. How long were you expecting for palestinians to have no reaction to their own genocide? Also, how long were you not going to care about this 100 year old issue? Did it take a headline for you to care? It doesn't matter what we think or feel. The only number that matters is the amount of lives lost. I can predict that unless occupation and the ethnic cleansing ends, a lot more people will die. As far as I can tell, Palestine has not yet even come close to matching the violence of Israel.  You choosing to speak out now means you don't really care about what Israel has done. If tomorrow Israel starts bombing the gaza strip, you better start preaching in support of Palestine for the sake of consistency.
1. I agree that there probably was no malintent into their movement to Palestine initially. I think Jewish people have the right live safely, just as Palestinians do. I just don't condone how the state of Israel was created and what it has done for the Palestinians--not because I am anti-Jewish, but because I believe Palestinians also deserve the right to self-determination and should not be displaced. The closest example I can think of is when Europeans came to the Americas, sure there was no malintent there, but there's also no denying that what they did to Native Americans was terrible and should never have happened.
2. I'm not saying being zionist erases their jewishness. Yes, Jews were massacred, which is terrible, and I'm not denying that. But it's my belief that there is and should be a distinction between anti-zionism and anti-semitism because one is clearly more of a political ideology. Of course they are intertwined--but I think it is unjust to say they are the same. We should be able to criticize Israel without being called racist. 

I am not going to comment any further because I don't think it will benefit anyone. But I have considered your views, and I hope you will consider mine as well. Thanks and best of luck to you.
Ah so we’ve moved past “Hamas isn’t using human shields” and now we’re at “ok they are but here’s why it’s a good thing”

Here’s what I say to that. Israel has offered 39 deals to Palestine. Many of which would get rid of the open air prison. Palestine has declined every single one. Palestine has also not counter offered or offered their own deal even once. Palestine will not relent until Israel is wiped off the map
I just want some consistency. Nelson Mandela blew up post offices and killed 19 civilians with a car bomb. Won a Nobel peace prize and became president.

Mandela said the apartheid government left him no choice but violence. So why shouldn’t Palestinians follow Saint Mandela’s lead?
> So no body being defiled there?

[Oh no, thats a thing the IDF does all the time.](https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2020/2/24/israel-slammed-for-necroviolence-on-bodies-of-palestinians)

> There were no counter protestors in Gaza yesterday.

Just curious, but how do you know this?

>  In fact, celebrations in many countries, like Germany and the UK, were held. There is going to be one in Times Square NYC, too.

Wow, thats interesting. Could you share more about this?

> People have had it with Hamas. They killed hundreds yesterday, mostly civillians.

Is the killing of civilians a major issue for you? Because if so I have some bad news about Israel.
>  Knifing to death. As in, the deliberate executions of non-combatants.

Is this an issue for you? For example, if I can provide some examples of the Israelis doing just this will that change your mind about anything?
> Top 0,1%, I would say.

lol holy shit thats good
> It’s odd how Palestine literally encourages it **and you’re sa**ying Israel is the bad guy bc they can’t catch it every single time

Could you explain what you mean by this?
…that’s not objective you lunatic. That’s literally, and I mean by definition, a hypothetical.
I don’t condone rape, but if the homeless literally have the right to overthrow capitalism. I love how it would be barbaric to you for an evil system that condones thousands of deaths to be overthrown in favor of one where that would not happen. 

I think we both know who is barbaric here.
It's happening right now you fool! Go back to sleep man. What are you 18?
Well many countries that have supported genocide weren't nazis he could be a communist a socialist or a capitalist he could do it for religions reasons like a Muslim certain secs of Buddhists sertan secs of Christianity certain secs of jews hell even some atheists call for extermination of all world religions but those are just some of the people that support genocide
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_military_expenditures

Israel is 4th in spending of its GDP on its military ($23.4 **billion**) and it's regularly funded by the US and other nations.

Palestine doesn't even appear on that page.  Hamas spends ~$100M/year.
It’s not their land anyway. If they weren’t terrorists they would have been accepted to another Muslim country but nobody wants them. Not even Egypt who has a larger blockade against Israel that’s never brought up. They’ve also rejected every peaceful solution proposed and say they just want all the Jews dead. Israel may have some collateral damage but don’t think both are the same. Good thing Hamas can’t play victim anymore 😂
LOL u r crazy and antisemitic gegen Palestine …. I never mentioned Hamas in my comments I only talk about Palestine …. Hitler, is that u?
\>Connecticut

Nice fucking try, Schlomo, but you will fool me into attending your alphabet gay trans drag queen child pedophilia degeneracy parade. Once we're done gassing you, the world will be at peace again. Just like Hitler intended. You can take your globohomo with you to the gas chamber, where you belong.  
Go back to playing your Switch with your wife's son while Tyrone is railing your wife in your bedroom everyday.

https://www.ctpublic.org/arts-and-culture/2019-05-31/examining-connecticuts-lgbtq-history

https://www.nbcnews.com/feature/nbc-out/new-connecticut-parenting-bill-gives-lgbtq-families-sigh-relief-n1269282
And now you say that Israel making its own shit without aid shows how strong they are, rather than that foreign aid
Great argument... Not, look at pedophilic statistics in the UK and white is not on top, not even close, in a majority white country. But sure you can try it.
There are probably not a TON of blind drivers.
Are you slow? Its posted every time escalation begins. Its not propaganda if its true is it? Create a new one that goes up until this year and post it if you want to!

Prove a single rape. No proof of any rapes but damn lots of rape fantasies from your type last few days.

And you completely ignored the dead kids and all else. You really are a propagandist huh? Nasty propagandist with a specialty of in rape fantasies. 

I do honestly think anyone who goes to the zionaz colony to party, in a "peace festival" or whatever, is a delusional liberal who should not have been there to begin with. 

Innocent deaths are never good but they should not have been partying *there*.
That’s a long way of saying you’re cool with civilian deaths as long as they’re not on your side.
I cannot really support dropping grenades on the children of the corner stand vegetables merchant, be it "accidental" or whatever, it happened a hundred times before. Even if he was fully behind Hamas. I do have a decent understanding of how they came to be ever more radicalised

the situation is all-around fucked since what feels like forever. We're dehumanising once again, and we just went through this with Russians, not even the soldiers just civilians. Clearly, subhuman monsters and must be killed, sip cup of coffee, look at memes
Brain dead comment
Fuck Israel and fuck you. Gaza has been so stripped of its ability to be a free standing state it has no other option than to shell with what limited firepower they have.

Yeah, civilians were murdered, but what do you think has been happening to Palestinians for the last 70 years?

Fuck Israel.
So with this exact same logic you are ok with russians doing the same in ukraine also?
The numbers on the chart of casualties on both sides paint an undeniable picture .
Exactly, killing a bunch of civilians in a hospital with a "smart bomb" is "unfortunate collateral".
They do the same thing but the media and people like yourself use different language to describe it.
Care to explain how that's bullshit lmao? Go read a book
Go look at that graphic again and say that with a straight face.
> that tends to happen when you purposely slaughter and kidnap civilians

I specifically referenced this, read my comment bud.
>Can you share a video of Israeli military / terrorist killing and raping women and children and parading them in their truck and sharing it on social media !?

Worse, they literally bomb fucking hospitals https://www.businessinsider.com/doctors-without-borders-hospitals-ambulances-targets-israel-hamas-gaza-2023-10

And grab children to use as [human shields](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/un-report-accuses-israeli-forces-of-using-palestinian-children-as-human-shields-abusing-children-in-custody/)

But it's ok, Palestinian children are not people right? Is it because they're darker skinned?
No. Because neither the the US and European media nor the Israeli media ever reported this.
I didn't say that did I? No of course not . You are projecting because you think what Hamas has done does justify genocide.
[deleted]
It's not "justifying terrorism" to acknowledge that the invasion of Iraq led directly to the formation of ISIS.
How do you feel about the terrorism and barbarism that Israel has committed towards the Palistians for decades? Did you even look at the chart lol?
Israel hasn’t been that bad, but sure keeping people in ghettos isn’t nice.
Eh, the modern conflict really started with the British and the UN just taking it upon themselves to carve up the region and create the modern state of Israel out of thin air.
We could, but that would be real dumb. That would be like excusing native Americans if they were to start terrorizing parts of the US and forcefully taking territory
That is a super interesting parallel of thought to ~80years ago. There was an opinion like this that some Austrian born German was promoting.
> 35 week that Israelis protested the current government.
> 
> 5 years of elections
> 
> 2 years where Arab parties were part of a coalition government in Israel.
> 
> Irrelevant now.
> 
> But hey great comeback comment. I'm sure it's Gona comfort someone.

Yeah dude, I heard they were just 2 weeks away from signing the big 2 state deal where they were going to live in peace and work together to alleviate the suffering in Gaza. 

Back in reality, the far right is in control of Israel, they run an apartheid regime and unlike in the case of South Africa the international community supports the Apartheid regime.
Free Palestine. Stop the Israeli's genocide
>I do not get it. The seem to think more civilian killing is going to change something. The very definition of insanity.

It is! It works wonders: the more they agonize imprisoned Palestinians, the more they're gonna lash out and every lashoyt is an excuse to further the genocide with international support.

For every hundred Palestinian kids murdered, one parent goes nuts and stabs an Israeli, and then Israeli's have an excuse to bomb more hospitals without the west condemning them. Their goal is to exterminate Palestinians all together.
More a proof that far right don't mind sacrificing their own citizens to garner support.
Nice strawman. OK,lets play your game. You are a ped0phile kills children. Give us your proof of your innocence now, if you can't then you're doing it.
>Your antisemitism shines through.

Equating judeism with the genocidal government of Israel is incredible antisemitism.
YOUR antisemitism shines through
Here is news from this august: https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2023/04/354880/israeli-airstrikes-damage-children-s-hospital-in-gaza-strip

Israeli Air Force bombed among many things a children’s hospital. If they did it before, they sure can do it now, after the tensions have escalated.

No one here is a good side unfortunately. Everyone is an asshole as far as governments go. Civilians are the ones who suffer.
>Leave the city or head to hospitals where Isreal wont bomb

You know how tiny Gaza is? It's like bombing a prison and be surprised the prisoners didn't just get out.

Gaza is a concentration camp.
Lol negotiations with who? a neck sword and a neck..
So you're all for genocide as long as you feel good about it then?
You are just regurgitating anti-Islamic talking points. I don’t blame you, it’s all we hear from most media sources. However, I suggest you research the history of the annexation of Palestine and draw your own conclusions. If anyone bears the brunt of the blame, it’s England, but that’s another argument entirely. It’s a lose/lose situation for all involved and there will never be peace until Palestinians are viewed as equals to Jews by the Israeli government.
Agreed completely, but continuing support for an organization that advocates not only the elimination of Israel but all Jews is, at the least, troubling.
My point above was that -if I'm recalling correctly - polling found that Palestinians voters were more concerned about their day to day services sucking because of corruption. Ideologically the overall population was not as sympathetic to their violence.

That's why Hamas was able to do far better - maybe the religious zealots are seen as less dishonest than the secular types?
Your whataboutism is not going to get any traction here.
Not after slaughtering a music festival, you can fuck right off.
The difference being that Hamas intentionally uses civilians as humans shields, they do this for a few reasons, but mostly so they can play the victim and to further their culture of martyrdom. If Hamas were to actually separate themselves from the civilian population there would not be civilian casualties, and they would be destroyed pretty quickly as the IDF wouldn't need to keep the gloves on. Instead we have Hamas putting rocket launchers on hospitals. 

The two are not the same.
Does Hamas remain popular? Like it seems like the best chance for any level of peace is an overthrow of Hamas.
I'm just as confused by you tbh.  I think you're delusional if think most Gaza Palestinians are anti Hamas.

They are not.  They almost fully support them and are celebrating around the world about Israeli deaths.

How can you possibly believe they aren't supported by the MAJORITY of Palestinians?

What links have you got saying otherwise?
You were literally provided a link prior to my post, did you need me to copy and paste it you?

I simply provided the short version from the link.
What about the Million+ mizrahi Jews who were forced from their homes all across the middle east and had to flee to Israel for refuge.  People love to talk about the Nakba but never acknowledge the other forced ethnic cleansing that happened in the Middle East at the same time.
It's not genocide. It's war. Genocide is what the Nazis did to Jews. The Jews were not at war with the Nazis, they never vowed their destruction. 

Palestinians declared war on the Jews and lost. Tough shit. Now they're butt hurt that they lost their land as a result, land that has since been gifted back, and they still launch these attacks. 

This isn't genocide. This is a result. 
What? Do you think North Korea is an open air prison as well? 

You fuck around, you find out, you have to live with the consequences. You can't just go seeking the destruction of a people and not expect them to defend themselves and respond accordingly. 
If Hamas wants to continue using civilians as meat shields to launch their cowardly attacks, then so be it. It will not come at the cost of Israelis. There's no such thing as an "appropriately equal response" either. Hamas and the world knows what Israeli is capable of. So why try in the first place if not to provoke and play the victim? 
Hamas loves playing the victim for people like you to buy into their bullshit narrative that they're the victims here. If they literally did nothing but live their day to day lives and worked towards peace with Israel, things would be a lot better. Instead, they choose violence. In response, they receive violence. Tough shit.
Percentages are not the entire picture either. From your wiki link:

>The primary objectives of the majority of the Committee were political division and economic unity between the two groups. The Plan tried its best to accommodate as many Jews as possible into the Jewish State. In many specific cases, this meant including areas of Arab majority (but with a significant Jewish minority) in the Jewish state. Thus the Jewish State would have an overall large Arab minority (45%). Areas that were sparsely populated (like the Negev desert), were also included in the Jewish state to create room for immigration. According to the plan, Jews and Arabs living in the Jewish state would become citizens of the Jewish state and Jews and Arabs living in the Arab state would become citizens of the Arab state.

So the states would have a pretty even population, and a 45% Arab minority cannot be ignored so the chances for proportional representation and equal rights in the Jewish State would be very high, unlike the current situation. Granted, Jewish immigration would lower that minority precentage (though I don't have the numbers to estimate by how much). 

Another point is that access to Jerusalem is blocked off to the Jewish State so the Arab state would have the advantage there. 

Most of the Jewish State's area is an infertile desert that is harder to develop. And the plan was for the Jewish immigration to inhabit this extra space, so the Arab population of the Jewish state could just stay in the more prosperous areas.

The existence of chokepoints between regions means that supply lines to develop this desert area could be easily ambushed and intercepted by the Arab state in case peace is not achieved.

The partition plan is favorable to the Jewish state in that it takes into account Jewish immigration, but the Arab state would still have a lot of advantages.
You are just hypocrites with little knowledge, only controlled by a disgusting hypocritical media with double standards. 
Why didn't Israel classify it as a terrorist despite carrying out hundreds of massacres and genocides every year?
Yes, and I have talked to a lot of people who do not know the meaning of the conflict and its conditions 
And believe me, when I see what the Western media presents to us is completely different from what is happening, and thus contributed to misleading public opinion, I can hardly believe that several great powers such as America, France, Britain and India support Israel's barbaric campaigns against 2 million citizens who do not even have their daily food or drinking water.
Bro dont you think its somewhat funny that the one place western nations thought was a good idea for jews to have a sovereign country was surrounded by people that arent ideologicallu alligned with them lol.
Israel is a terrorist state.
It’s no use. On any thread I try to make these points on, people NEED to find a way to justify Israeli terror.  If they can’t say “yes but Hamas does x” then they need to confront the reality that the Israeli government is full of war criminals and by extension whatever western country they’re from supports it.

The cognitive dissonance forces them to focus on Hamas atrocities.  No matter how many times you say “I agree Hamas is bad, we should look at how this extremism happened” they will shut down the conversation.
> I'm not talking about waking up tomorrow and being reincarnated as a Hama's fighter.

Cool. Neither is anyone else.
You said hamas ... fighter. 
Your words or opinion... mean very little.
>forceful eviction from your home for settlers.

What forceful eviction? Most of the people living in Gaza left Israel in 1967 of their own volition because they believed the allied arab forces would defeat Israelis.

Most of them sided with the enemy. Why would Israel let them back in? How is that force?

>What also most likely will happen is that Israel will once again bomb Palestinian civilians adding even more fuel, just that they now have a real justification.

How do you expect the country to behave if they have been attacked? Are you watching something other than the rest of the world? 5000 rockets were fired on Israel and many civilians were attacked and killed by the Hamas and Muslims on the side supported them and joined in their atrocities. In such a situation if you expect Israel to garland them and welcome them, then I think you are delusional.
I kinda wonder if the rape claims are Isreali propoganda..
The biggest lie promoted by the disgusting Western media 
You have not seen and we have never seen this, and this news has been denied, and even these misleading videos have nothing to do with it, and some of them are Palestinian women who are insulted by the settlers. 
You leave everything we see and go hypocrisy has no credibility
For 70 years, we have seen first-hand the children and women of Palestine being killed every year, arrested and tortured without a word. 
Most of you have heard about the case only this year 
For decades, Israel has been killing and bombing homes, carrying out several genocides, gradually seizing land, exterminating several towns and villages, and thousands of Palestinian families who have literally been wiped out of the civil registry. 
All this is under a media blackout supported by America, why didn't anyone talk about this? 
Every year we see several children or what remains of them buried every year at least hundreds of funerals, and most of the time there is no funeral, but a mass burial because the graves are full and mortuary refrigerators
I don't do other's research. I've found 100% of people demanding links are trolls. Sorry, you can google for yourself.

Or you can continue believe that they're killing and kidnapping but not raping despite history and multiple news articles saying they are. 

Up to you.
I could thank you for the same thing. Congrats on pointing out its not just hamas, which nobody thought.
I feel sorry for you.
Anti Hamas “Terrorism” and not pro-Israeli “policy”

The false paradigm.

I don’t believe a word coming out of Israel, they lie and lie and lie, they have entire programs committed to lying. The whole program is to paint Hamas as terrorists and Israel as legitimate.

Well as long as these legitimate state can openly slaughter innocents, then I’m not going to call Hamas a terrorist organization and feed the Israeli propaganda looking for an excuse to commit additional atrocities.

“They won’t go as far as rape”

Yes actually, even in some hostage videos you can hear Hamas soldiers saying “don’t harm them” in Arabic. If you are willing to accept Israel won’t rape Palestinians, why do you accept the opposite on a whim? It’s propaganda to legitimatize the murder of innocents.
Well by your own logic since Hamas' charter includes the eradication of all Jews as one of their goals then everything Israel does is ok since they're under threat, right? 

The overall situation isn't simple both Israel and Palestine have done horrible shit, but this specific attack is and you can support Palestinians without supporting or providing cover for Hamas.
I understand the value of having empathy, but at this point in time the greater discussion of the largely-uninvolved masses should be stopping the hostilities.

Violence begets violence and while the Palestinians are by far the victims of more — the past few days will only be used to justify the further oppression of innocent Palestinians.
Remember this phrase: "If you can't beat them, join them."

>Okay so Israel via Britain and some western powers invaded an already occupied area and pushed the people living there out. 

This was under UN mandate essentially. So if any of those nations had a grind to pick, it's with the UN. 

>Then some local nations fought a war and Israel won.

They didn't just fight a war.... they started it. And lost. 

>But it's okay because they won the war. But when Gaza fights back, it's bad?

It's not bad they fight back. A conflict like this is expected to be near consistent until some people keep their promises., but many things about how they conduct themselves in this conflict is what makes this bad. Even when they have agreements drafted that gives them benefits they don't have today, they still shit it down the can so they can continue to act how they do. And they still lose time and time again. 

Just imagine how they could have had a 2 state solution to their own advantage? And still decided to piss that down the drain because it still allows a Jewish nation to exist. 


>But when Israel fights back, its okay?

Well yeah. They have had to literally fight for their existence since day 1. While they have tactics that probably aren't in alignment with the expectations of the rest of the world, I don't see those same people criticizing hamas for their barbaric tactics as well. You either criticize both or criticize neither. 

>Remember when you said that if you use violence you should expect violence used back at you? Well....yeah. That's exactly whats happening

It is indeed. And since day 1 of Israels existence, they have had violence thrown at them just for existing. how many times does Israel avoid wonton violence? How many times does Hamas try to prevent violence?

You want to end that cycle of violence? All you have to do is agree that Israel has a right to existence alongside you. Watch how fast things can change when any future agreement or decisions are rooted in this one change of mindset.
>My intention is to not demonize an entire population for a minority faction.

I do not disagree with you or your intention. I am simply sharing the impression we are getting from your comments.

FYI.. were I live, no one is blaming entire Palestine population. We all know it is Hamas who is to blame. At the same time the sentiment is, Israel has the right to protect its people and that naked dance of barbarism on social media needs to be punished.
Alright. Would you give up your land if the original owners came to you and demanded it back?
It negates your point because you willingly live on stolen land and benefit from someone else's loss. You have no right to point out other situations where the same thing happened elsewhere and call it wrong while you benefit from it firsthand and do nothing to rectify it. 

Basically it's on you to accept that it may not be nice or friendly, but it's human (and animal) nature to fight wars and take land as a result. 

Also, recognize that Israel has been trying to give Palestinians a 2 state solution for several generations now and they always turn it down because they want all Jewish people dead.

Edit: in addition since you bring up apartheid, why then is Israeli government 20% Muslim yet Palestinian government is 0% Jewish? Makes you wonder you the real bigots are, doesn't it?
>I would give up my land.

Lol bullshit
I wasn't aware the Nazis won the war. Didn't Berlin get split down the middle?
Kinda missed my point there Jews have been there and removed then returned there for centuries.
Not really. It's simply pointing out the hypocrisy of Palestine supporters refusing to acknowledge the fact that they only exist in the region because of violent colonization
You would let your mother get raped by a pack of rabid islamists to atone for your 'white privilege '
Libtard brain-AIDS
They have no inherent right to "Palestine" and Israel is not occupying their "ancestral land"
Wasn't the current Palestinian regime elected?
[deleted]
Yes and the Jewish people rightfully decided not to leave themselves at the mercy of those other countries participating in the Holocaust either. 

And I didn’t say that the Holocaust justified the situation of Palestinians today, I plainly pointed out how your „it was all peace and rainbows, then Israel started oppressing Palestinians“ is absolute nonsense.
The reason Jews got their own country was because they were the largest group affected. The second largest was Soviets, and they already had their own country.
Have you not seen the atrocities committed by the "civilians of Gaza" over the last 2 days? Are you blind? This is how they have always behaved when given the chance.

https://www.ynetnews.com/article/rk3Cwkjvw
20 years ago, this was enough to shock the world. Now, the Palestinians have accustomed you to such monstrosities that it barely registers 
They are the most brainwashed, violent people on earth.
I disagree with your opinion as it is founded on a number fallacy. That is besides the point.  

Nevertheless we are here and so is israel and it has been since 1948. Now we find ourselves in the midst of a world wide discourse that is repeatedly rationalizing the killing and brutalizing of civilians and innocents. Although it maybe a lesser crime than the acts themselves it is crime and a cruel one at that, And it does not discriminate.
Read the statistics as compiled by the United Nations . That will enlighten you as to who the victim is here . And it is not Israel , the vastly superior military machine .  Don’t blame the victim . Analogous to your arguments , the now , in the main , disappeared nations of the American Indians ( Native Americans )  were the oppressors of the white pioneer populations instead of the other way around .
Nope.

That's **literally** the academic consensus among historians, sociologist, geographers, political scientists, etc.

You have the point of view of the American media. I have the point of view of the collection of researchers around the world.
By the way, here's the data from the UN: **"Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 96% of deaths since 2005 have been Palestinian, according to UN data"**

Is this Islamic propaganda?

https://medium.com/@chrisjeffrieshomelessromantic/israeli-palestinian-conflict-96-of-deaths-since-2005-have-been-palestinian-according-to-un-data-6023f6093a78
The Palestinians don't care about public opinion.. They just want every jew on earth to die.
Israel could have eradicated Palestine decades ago if that were their goal. Meanwhile, eradicating Jews is the *literal stated goal* of Hamas, the authority in Gaza. If you gave Israel's weapons to Palestine, Israel would cease to exist tomorrow.
Ok buddy. That's a wonderfully simplistic view you've got there.
I was talking about your response to me, not Isreals response to Hamas.
Dude? You want to ignore the history because it makes your point look laughable and reality doesn’t align with your narrative? 

You know what actually did happened today? Palestinian fighters firing tens of thousands of rockets into Israel, purposefully into civilian areas (and btw while at the same time hiding between Palestinian civilians, so any retaliation will result in civilian deaths) and then pouring into the border, again specifically targeting civilians, massacring them abducting them into Palestine, raping and murdering women and then parading their broken bodies around so people can spit on them.
Well, okay then.
All that ideological stuff doesn't interest me: this really comes down to a conflict over resources.  Security is one resource among many that are driving the conflict.
and who pays the government?
It’s the whole system. If you’re educating people for free, they can be paid significantly less, and when the healthcare system isn’t built off profiting from people being sick, you have more affordable healthcare all around.
Well yeah, because the US govt provided healthcare goes primarily to military veterans and senior citizens. Of course the govt provided healthcare the US does provide costs more than any other country that provides universal care to everyone.
The average BMI on America is also 3,x Sweden. Are you sure universal healthcare is the only variable?

America got some fat and lazy people. The leading cause of health issues.
I'm thinking that "entrenched" means corrupt in this sentence!
Yes, Israel bad. Hamas good. 

You are a sick peice of Human trash.
As these Palastinian scum threaten to execute hostage who are women and children, you complain about houses of terrorists being flattened.

Is that your equvalency? a house for a life? Israel must defend itself and hard otherwise there would be no Jews left.
Only one side in this situation has ever offered any peaceful solutions. The other side just says no and lobs rockets at civilians….
IDF largely kills civilians through collateral damage, Hamas kills civilians intentionally.
The opposite of what???? Dude how are you arguing with me literally just do a quick Google search and find that hamas's mission is to eradicate Jews. Obviously there have been more casualties on the Palestinian side because the IDF is well funded and has the iron dome which intercepts the overwhelming majority of the missiles fired by hamas. So idk what the hell you mean by "the opposite" of what I said.
If you make it to 100 you're in the clear!
I just looked it up, depends on the period of conflict. We've had at times boasting 1:28, and even 1:30 civilian to combatant casualties. But sometimes unfortunately I was wrong and it has been lower. But we've always kept below a 3:1 ratio which is the standard for war, some wars even having 4:1 or greater.

Also these statistics don't show who caused the casualties. Palestinian terror groups have been known for using human shields, which according to international law not the responsibility of the other side. Casualties from storing weapons in schools and hospitals for example.

Also these statistics don't display friendly fire. When launching unguided rockets into Israel, many fall back within Gaza, causing damage to their own people. When terror stabbings occur, there are sometimes Israeli-Palestinian casualties. Are these the fault of Israel as well?
Do your own research.
Lmao living in the US the only propaganda I see is Hamas bad; Israel good. 

So stop bullshitting a bullshitter. Comparing ISIS to the Hamas / Israel conflict is only something a moron would do… 

You’re ignoring the shit Israel does and it’s cool but just acknowledge you’re full of shit dude
You think Israel only kills Hamas? How dumb are you?
That's actually not true.
Insults are pointless. I'm not in a pissing match. You really should see who you are supporting here https://www.cnn.com/2023/10/08/europe/israel-hostages-hamas-what-we-know-intl/index.html
Now? Nothing theyll be out for blood for generations and thats completely understandable. A way of speeding up that process would be to fuck off from forcefully taken palestinian land
Well as long as people know you don't really take the topic seriously I'm cool.
Hamas and Israel must be terrible at their intended goals, as demonstrated by Israel killing 55x more civilians in the past 15 years as Hamas.
That’s not the narrative. That’s reality.

In the 1920s, there were anti-Jewish massacres in Jerusalem, Safed, Hebron, etc.

In the 1930s, the Arab Revolt killed hundreds of Jews.

In the 1940s, Palestinian nationalists incited the Farhud, a brutal massacre against the Jews of Baghdad.

In 1948, contemporaneously with the Nakba, every single Jew living in East Jerusalem, the West Bank, and Gaza was expelled down to the last man, woman, and child. The Old Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem was completely razed to the ground.

This all predates the occupation.

Today, now that radical Palestinian nationalists have successfully broken past Israel’s defenses, over a thousand have died.

There’s a reason Israel has the systems in place that it does.
Because Middle Eastern history started in 1922, right?
The irony of this comment under this post.
Yep, that's where these people get lost in the sauce. Of course you have a right to defend yourself, but when you consider killing, raping, parading, and kidnapping civilians including children as "defending yourself" you've lost it. I was a free palestine supporter until 24 hours ago. Now I'm still a free palestine supporter but I now understand that step 1 of a free palestine begins with the end of hamas.
I agree with you. But I mean just looking at the chart here alone as a single source of data. 

For any war or conflict ever, who pays the worst? The fucking civilians. Hamas will never die unless manually eradicated with ground troops because Israel's actions BREED MORE HAMAS. I am NOT defending Hamas but most of Hamas is young and grew up in the camps knowing nothing but Israeli oppression. 

They will not yield and will only cease to exist if they're all killed.
That exact same thing can be said to the IDF you know that right?
[This](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philistia) Philistia? Not quite all of Canaan. They were given this land by Pharoah Ramesses III. They are Sea People, probably from Greece or Anatolia.
Israel is 4749373937837% an apartheid state. It’s like the poster boy for it. Lol
Israel is by definition an apartheid state. Just Google the definition lmao. 

Hundreds of thousands??? Where are you getting these numbers lmao. All that Israel has left of Palestine is tiny communities and camps
>Israel is not an apartheid state.  

The gaza strip is literally a pogrom, are you insane?
in 2006. followed by a coup. current polling maxes around 30ish%
And Putin won his last however many totally not rigged elections with like 90% of the votes
Lol, that first link was the better one.  "Times Of Israel"?  Pretty telling you thought that was better.
Exactly, fuck Israel.
I agree that Israel is heavy handed and they need go do more for peace. But Israel also has to react whenever there is a terrorist attack..
And terrorists should stop being terrorists. Peace and life before land and religion.
I'm not appealing to the status quo, you and Hamas are.
Israel is killing civilians and children. You just label it differently. 

Israel kills 5,000 its not terror.
Palestine kills 250 it’s terror.

Do you think an occupying force killing your people en-masse doesn’t cause terror? Air strikes?
It is when half these nations are fairly poor and unstable as is. It doesn't take much to cause issues when most of the people in the region have next to nothing.
I mean... Arabs aren't exactly "indigenous" to many parts of the Middle East and North Africa, including Palestine. They literally are there because of territorial expansion and conquest.
That is a different topic.

However I always thought calling israel colonialist a little weird, they don't have any colonies right? They just take the territory for themselves lol.
Correct, because they're not idiots they don't just unconditionally leave them alone.  As soon as Israel gives them an inch they use that inch to try and kill Jews. This should not be surprising given the stated goal of Hamas is the death of all Jews worldwide.
that was 2008, 2 years after they elected hamas.
Correct. Israel would have been completely justified if it had retaken Gaza when genocidal terrorists became it's government after it relaxed those restrictions. You can't have a government whose stated goal is the death of all of your neighbors there and all those like them worldwide. 

Israel's government is not good but I have no sympathy for anyone who supports Hamas.
Egypt is not suffering from Gazan terrorists - Israel is.
I'm french canadian so English is not my first language. The situation in the middle east is deeply linked to the current situation in Israel. Millions of Jews were displaced there when they were kicked of neighboring countries, where do they go if you kick them out Israel too?
I mean it is when you consider nobody involved in either event is alive today. That’s my whole point, people are using events from previous generations to vilify israel. It’s pointless, and moreover you can easily do the same to the Palestinians 

It’s easy to say that now, but remember at the time post WW2 Germany was under US/German occupation. That’s the situation we have now currently in Gaza, they have killed hundreds of civilians including foreigners and as a result Israel will occupy Gaza. I can’t fault them for that decision anymore than I can the allies for occupying germany
So if you agree it's a bad thing, what's with all the apologia for the animals doing it?
Those concert-goers and children sure learned their lesson about colonisation alright.

How can you sleep trying to justify this? No context makes slitting an infant's throat alright. No context makes rape the moral course of action.
No they don't. Keep wishing they did so you can sleep at night...
You do realize that the entire story of Joshua going to Canaan was the story of the Jews going to a foreign land and conquering/colonizing it to escape slavery in Egypt, right ? The Philistines and Cannaanites were native people there before the kingdoms of Judaea and Israel.

Also Abraham is historically from Iraq, and the Jews have historically always been scattered

My point is that historically, *that* land has always been fluid, its always been many people's homelands, but also no one's. So that argument that it's "their" historic homeland and therefore "theirs" is bullshit, especially in the 20th century.
i said the people living there have been living there for thousands of years, you trying to divert the discussion and not replying to any relevant point and only talking about to something entirely irrelevant  that you mentioned to begin with and i never defend or commented about to our discussion to try to push some very likley racist agenda does not concern me.
I'm not saying they are doing the right thing.  I 100% believe this is a shitty choice.  But at the same time I don't see any other viable choices left open to them by Israel other than just accept Israeli oppression and do whatever Israel tells them to do while Israel continues building more and more illegal settlements in occupied territories.
I'm no expert when it comes to military aid to Israel, but I thought the US didn't want to support them for many years?

Plus, Israel losing back then would've meant maybe not just the end of Israel but a likely genocide.

It is understandable why most Palestinians today feel the way they do about Israel, but it's also understandable why Israel always wants to expand it's borders and improve it's security situation.
Yes, also terrorist organisations, and other kinds of regressive states should be treated similarly.
I would condemn terrorists that slaughtered children in Russia, Israel, and everywhere else.
So why no anger at Egypt who also blockades the Palestinians?
Palestine was on the right path... Opinion was turning even in the US.


Then... they slit the throats of women and children.



This all ends in a 2 state solution.... The actions of the past week just delayed that solution. Its revolting.
What if you lost but were offered a far bigger bunch of squares if you focused on peace, but you turned it down because to you, it's all or nothing.  Palestinians are living in a prison of their own making.  They lost.  At some point, you have to move on.  Every piece of land in any country once belonged to someone else.  It is what it is.
Palestine also wasn’t a country.
I think you and I are on the same page judging by your comments above here.
You literally linked to a propaganda post written by a Palestinian activist as your proof?
As soon as I read some of the comments you are responding to, I started laughing. The irony!! Lol

The main reason two state solutions can't exist is because more than half of Palestinian want Israelis dead, not ethnically cleansed or some other middle ground, murderer in cold blood.

So far, I haven't seen dead and naked Palestinian being paraded on the streets while thousands cheer it and treat the bodies worse than a sack of potatoes, but I have seen that being done to Israelis on the 7th.
And? I expect more from liberal Democracies. If they want to do a fascism they can expect the kind of public support fascists get from the West.
Why are you responding to a nonexistent comment?
My point: Palestinians should stop starting wars they cant win if they dont wanna suffer casulties
Nobody said that killing civilians isn’t wrong. Killing innocent civilians is wrong and horrible and should not be supported. 

You do know that Israel created hamas? 

Tell me what happens when Israel kills a child’s parents in front of his own eyes does when he grows up? He goes and joins hamas
[deleted]
It should be taken seriously. It's bad that they fire rockets at Israeli civilians and I wish they wouldn't. It's just that what Israel is doing is worse, since they kill a lot more civilians, and they started the conflict.
You can see in the graph above and in the articles I posted that there are far more Palestinian victims than Israelis. If you are counting deaths alone, more than ten times more Palestinian victims. If you are counting victims of oppression and apartheid, thousands of times more Palestinian victims.
>No one is giving Hamas the benefit of the doubt btw,

Loads of people are. That's the point.
> And arguing that one side is “cheating” by not having a missile defense system is pretty weird.

Agreed, you should talk to the people that did this.  I didn't.  Please, don't misrepresent what I said.  I don't think I was remotely unclear.

Nobody is saying that Hamas "cheated" by launching more ineffective attacks than Israel.  They're saying that it skews the data.  

> If we lived in neighboring houses and there was a flood that messed up my house, but you were smart enough to buy something like a private dam, would you say we’ve suffered the same fate and demand the same insurance payment?

If that becomes relevant to this conversation, then I'll answer it.  It's bullshit, and you know this, but asked it anyway.  We're talking about intentional attacks.  If you shot at me a bunch and I hid behind some armor, but then shot back and hit you, then that would be a relevant metaphor.  But this "what if there was a natural disaster and we're all innocent" isn't relevant to this conversation.

> No one is giving Hamas the benefit of the doubt btw,

Then you need to read more of these threads.  This is just false.  There are a lot of people defending Hamas in these threads.  There are a lot of people defending Israel in these threads as well. **Anyone saying that nobody is saying anything isn't paying attention.**

> But a lot of people are afraid that it won’t be just Hamas who will get the missiles up their ass.

Yes, they are.   I wonder which of these groups puts the innocent civilians next to the militarily significant targets?
In what way? I'm genuinely curious. And to be up front, I don't have a favorite side in this. It's a situation with lots of problems and mistakes on both sides, I don't think either one are angels.
Do you think the iron dome is some perfect god machine? Why would Hamas go through the trouble of making thousands of rockets if the iron dome was impenetrable.

Is Israel just meant to sit down and accept the constant attempted murder against innocent civilians?
If I recall correctly the US demanded to see proof that Hamas was in that building, and after showing them they agreed it was a valid military target.
Why lol? It's not logical to throw rocks at someone who can shoot you with a machine gun.
> I call this dishonesty.

Tomato, *tomato*

> Not to get excessively sarcastic here, but yes, there is more context to a century long conflict than a list of casualties.

Yeah no need, as that is my point. People who believe statistics will believe whatever is presented, the people who know what stats mean, know what questions to ask to get a real idea of what’s going on. 

You don’t get a full story from statistics, if you’ve watched any sports you’ll know that. You only get an idea of what’s going on, but if you know where to look, you can get a clearer picture.

Again, no one is arguing that you can’t tell a twisted story with twisted stats. Just that the responsibility lies on the people to figure out what stats actually mean or that a different perspective is a better perspective.
Numbers are simply there because we better defended ourselves. Instead of making civilian areas such as schools, hospitals etc into military targets, and using children as human shields, we purposefully put soldier lives over civilians.

And even when you look at numbers, if you extrapolate the data to include civilian casualty ratios which show what percentage were innocent you'll find it paints a very different picture.
My account is less than a year old. Who is "you"?
In this case, arming Ukraine against Russia is absolutely the morally just thing to do.

It’s not like the MIC is incapable of doing something that’s good, it’s that they’re not motivated by goodwill
I'm not getting that from the article.  In fact, your quotations make it sound like Israel AREN'T the main ones blocking the election.

>but delaying the elections over Jerusalem could also be seen as a pretext, because only a **small number** of voters in the city would actually require Israel’s permission. Abbas’ rivals had suggested workarounds so as **not** to give Israel an effective veto over elections

Nontheless...if the result was to prevent Hamas from gaining more power, then 100% this was the right decision.
I never said the chart was changing anyone's mind. I said that it betrays a form of bias by the person who posted it in posting it at this particular moment in time, given what the take away from the chart is. Nothing more, nothing less.
You're not fooling anybody, terrorist sympathizer.
I don’t care why op posted it. It’s real information and should be considered. calling it propaganda is an attempt to get people to discredit or ignore it
Yes, innocent. Tens of thousands of children have been killed by Israel dumbass
Dude, you can deny Jesus as being God, but telling he didn't exist is denying archeology. Please make a research, many wanna-be-messiah existed back then.

Now about the morality of my words, you are free to disagree, I'm not trying to convince you of anything, I just like this exercise, sort of reassures me.
Well if you believe in free will that would interfere with that. If you don't you're probably a calvinist and all this already makes sense to you anyways
What it I tell you we are inside of one of Gods simulation, which he already knows the result but we are living the processing part of this?

Lol it's my mad theory.
No worries, been Christian and on reddit for many years. I just like this, not defending God, but exercising my weak faith.
Sure, I fully accept it. My main objective was bringing another point of view. :)
You don't get it, humans use any excuse for war, be it God or something trivial as a football match.

There are records of war all around. You are being naive to think we can stop wars being humans.

You could argue that tranahumanism, aliens, magic, anything beyond human is able to solve this eternal war state that mankind finds itself into.
>So ofc they won't level anything yet.

They already do. They also started starvation of everyone inside. They turned Gaza strip into the largest death camp in history.
When was that ? During the 20th century ?
oh fuck I replied to the wrong comment my b
"military competence" this sounds like a redditor in his chair moment.

"were crushed even more times" it doesn't matter, empires have lost over underequipped militias or armies. Don't call people incompetent for fighting when they have nothing to do but fighting, that's not what incompetent means.

"America was an invader \[...\] Israel lives there" Israel is literally the invader, they were given lands by the British and nothing more.

"they themselves have nowhere else to go" they caused this situation by seizing lands and creating a state of Apartheid.
What makes it propaganda?
Now you can actually go to Gaza and watch it happen in real life...
I don't know about the "announcing targets" claim (could be true, not looked into it), but the claim about schools is a fact confirmed by the UN.

https://www.unrwa.org/newsroom/press-releases/unrwa-condemns-placement-rockets-second-time-one-its-schools

They found missiles hidden in a UN school in Gaza, located in an area housing displaced individuals.
If a lot of the people living in the area you claim as your own do not get something that thing is not exactly universal.
Nah, fuck the ruling class imposed nationalism, you have more in common with international workers than with your nation's billionaires. Show solidarity with common Russian/Iranian/Chinese people opposing their ruling classes, and oppose your own. Imperialism also creates its own conflicts in the long run btw.
[deleted]
[deleted]
... by utterly obliterating two whole cities with hundreds of thousands of civilians dead on impact, while using the survivors as guinea pigs to research effects of radiation from the a-bombs on surviving victims. Don't compare the two, US bombing of Japan is among the biggest atrocities in human history.
Every attack Israel commited on hospitals or other civilian infrastructure was precisely because of this reason - they were used as launch platforms. 

It is true that there were incidents were IDF soldiers went on murderous killing sprees, and yes, there was especially one significant incident where they tried to cover this up by killing a journalist, no one is denying that. It is an unfortunate by-product of Israel having to employ conscription for everyone, men and women alike to keep their country safe. Not everyone is cut out for that and some of them should have never been given a gun. 

These are isolated incidents though, the overwhelming majority of civilian deaths the past years was either from suicide attacks, which mostly killed other Palestinians like at road checkpoints (because there was nowhere else the bombers could feasibly kill jews) or from simply being at or near a place Hamas used as a rocket launch site.

Also no one is denying the illegal jewish settlements in the Westbank, but depending on government active steps were taken by Israel to remove the illegal settlements. The current right-wing government does not have a great track record for this though, but they will not survive yesterdays attack politically anyway, in fact Netanyahu is probably looking over his shoulder in fear of his own people at the moment. 

Regardless of this, no attacks were launched yesterday from the West Bank, and while there have been clashes between Westbank Palestinians and the illegal settlers, it is a much more stable region.

On the flipside, Israel forcibly relocated every jewish settler from the Gaza Strip in 2005 and completely lifted their occupation that had been in place since the Six-Day War. The people of Gaza were free to govern themselfs, while receiving massive international aid, surpassing the amount Japan got after WW2. And what did they do? They elected Hamas, an organisation whose goal is to literally kill all jews and instead of infrastructure and projects that would have improved their quality of life, they spent some of it for weapons and the rest was embezzled by Hamas leadership, currently fucking pakistani slave girls in Doha.

That is when the blockade started. Because you don't let your neighbours who have said loud and clear, for everyone to hear: "we want to murder every last one of you" get supplied by your other enemies with weapons and materials. 

This does not make Gaza a prison though, there are other borders aswell. Israel has no obligation to let them into their country, in fact that would be incredibly irresponsible because of the whole "we want to kill you all" thing, and it is not their problem that no one else allows them in either (like their muslim "brothers", Egypt).
They don't want refugees because of what the refugees did in Jordan. It's the same reason why Egypt maintains their side of the blockade.
I'm not justifying that, im simply saying people lose their humanity and do awful things when backed into a corner watching their friends and family die by the thousands. Everyone here sucks.
Started in the 1800s, increased in the 1880s, but really escalated in the 1920s.
Hagana violence only occurred after over a decade of unprovoked massacres from the other side.
Is is a conspiracy theory when it's well documented by historians?

https://books.google.com/books?id=GkbzYoZtaJMC&pg=PA195#v=onepage&q&f=false

https://books.google.com/books?id=xlp_BAAAQBAJ&pg=PA80#v=onepage&q&f=false

https://archive.org/details/islamicfundament00ziad/page/16/mode/2up

You *can* actually try to understand why Hamas appeals to Palestinians without condoning their genocidal goals - this is a better way to go about the situation than dismissing the Palestinian people as ontologically evil
I absolutely did not. I demonstrated exactly how your analogy does not work.
Watch the news closely over the next few days. The rapists and child executioners you worship will be joining their 72 virgin (cattleprods) soon.

Maybe you should go to Gaza and support their righteous cause? Leave the world a better place than when you entered it.
Hope gaza gets bulldozed
[https://encyclopedia.ushmm.org/content/en/article/invasion-of-poland-fall-1939#:\~:text=On%20September%201%2C%201939%2C%20Germany,to%20encircle%20and%20dismember%20Germany](https://encyclopedia.ushmm.org/content/en/article/invasion-of-poland-fall-1939#:~:text=On%20September%201%2C%201939%2C%20Germany,to%20encircle%20and%20dismember%20Germany).

Yep, I can read. I just read this\^, it's the Holocaust Museum saying that the Nazi pretext to invade Poland was over the German ethnic minority who lived in Poland. So my point stands and you're parroting the Nazis' propaganda, MY GUY. If you're gunna be blatantly wrong about something, being a smug asshole takes "wrong" and makes it "insipid".

I'm saying that peaceful ethnic claims to a homeland are strong and make them the rightful owner, but that rule doesn't cover land stolen through violence. You are using terrible counter examples parroted from literal Genocide- perpetrator propaganda.

My values are consistent, yours are incomprehensible gibberish.
Oh the logic DID come out to play, check the edit. 

Btw, you're arguing against reclamation of a homeland being just and right.
We supply them with a lot of their defense technology, our relationship is symbiotic. As such, we don’t need to sign pledges of support for a foreign country to be a teacher or any other public servant.
Safe from what? From muslim terrorists? Every single muslim terrorist organization was created in response to Israeli expansionism.

If anything, it seems like Israel keeps creating enemies of the West.
who lives in Israel exactly ?
Read my initial comment. Nowhere did I say there weren't issues on both sides. I said your insinuation that the Palestinians were the "real victims" and more so your use of the phrase real victims as a whole was disgusting and dehumanizing
Right, that’s why you’re getting shit on by everyone and didn’t even know history between 1940 and 1980 😂
Oof.  Who do you think was in that land?  Take it up with the British
The Palestinian side has refused every diplomatic peace offer so far and in addition to that has not only targeted Israeli civilians, but also commited acts of terrorism in uninvolved countries and has a history of funding terrorist organisations.

People conventiently ignore that the founding of the state of Israel was proceeded by centuries of prosecution of Jews. You cant exactly blame them for accepting an offer from the de facto ruler of said land.

>the far right anti democratic state of Israel

You specifically mentioning this would imply that this description does not fit Palestine or the neighbouring Arab states, which is incorrect.
“Some level of accountability”

In the form of slaughtering civilians in schools and hospitals. Right.
Can you quote the bit I defended anything?
I am waiting
Given the iron dome, yea... it is the same thing. 
It's also an apt(ish) example because there are videos of Israeli soldiers shooting Palestinian children for throwing rocks.... 

>A 16-year-old Palestinian was shot dead by Israeli military forces near Ramallah Friday evening when hurling rocks at Israeli vehicles, the army said.

>The 16-year-old Israeli, a student at the Pri Haaretz yeshiva in the northern West Bank settlement of Rehelim, was charged with manslaughter, aggravated stone throwing at a moving vehicle, Each of the charges is connected to the killing of Aisha Rabi, a 47-year-old Palestinian mother of eight, and was qualified as having been carried out “in the context of a terrorist act.”
If convicted, the suspect could face considerable jail time; a manslaughter terrorism conviction alone carries a maximum sentence of 20 years behind bars.

[from Israel times 2019](https://www.timesofisrael.com/palestinian-teen-rock-thrower-shot-dead-by-israeli-army-in-west-bank/)
K
>By trying to make some bullshit argument about the legal difference between attempted murder and actual murder?

So no quote?

Also this is something lawyers do all the time, because believe it or not. There IS a difference and the scale ofpunishment is different 

>Look both sides are incredibly fucked up, but this graph is unbelievably misleading and hurtful to any rational argument.

The situation, and this graph, is akin to a 40 year old holding a 12 year old by the head (comically, with their arm outstretched) as the 12 year old flails their arms around, only for the 40 year old to deck the kid, knocking them out and some people want to count the flailing arms of a 12 year old as equal to the right cross of a grown man while yelling "count the swings though!"
What was I wrong about? I didn't contest that it wasn't a part of the original Hamas charter, I literally explained why it was there!

Can you read?

How stupid are you?

One last time, just for a laugh (just google someone ffs), who have you read on the Israel Palestine conflict?
I haven't defended anyone. 

I called out hamas for their disgusting tactics. 

Learn to read.
>So bombing those civilian locations have stopped the HAMAS bombings, right?

Judging any action by whether it accomplished a massive goal such as "stop all Hamas aggression" would readily make every action unjustifiable.  

By that same logic, couldn't you say that nearly everything Palestinians have ever done is unjustified because it resulted in deaths of Israeli civilians and didn't end the PI Conflict?
It hasn't completely stopped all the HAMAS bombings, but it has stopped some, which means less deaths of Israeli citizens. I agree it's terrible that innocent Palestinians have been killed, but be realistic, Israel is going to prioritize protecting Israeli civilians over Palestianians
Thats a nice phrase and I agree but what would you do?
Israel pulled out of Gaza and now they are being attacked. If they ended the military occupation in the West Bank and ended the blockade, it would leave them even more open to being attacked.
You have never in your life experienced any form of suffering. The mental state of a Palestinian is so far from your frame of reference that discussing it is akin to contemplating over the most meaningless abstractions.


For a human to indiscriminately kill, they have to suffer greatly throughout their lives - that is indisputable (assuming a healthy functioning brain). 

To expect someone being born in a war zone - humiliated, starved and threatened daily -to be introduced to the same insights you have, and be held to the same moral standards, is simply ridiculous. These fighters are 20 years old, most have witnessed their immediate family get crippled, tortured or maimed by isrealy soldiers, missiles or turrets. 

Creating a cycle of violence, doesn't permit you to maintain it. That is exactly what Israel is doing. 
Demanding of Palestinians to suffer stoically, is barbaric in its own way. You are only bothered because you witnessed white people that dress and party the same way you do suffer. You don't care about anyone else's suffering apart from the in-group which you relate to.

Those indiscriminate killings, are absolutely excusable. In the sense that they are perfectly predictable, and a product of Israeli policy.
Wait, you think people parading gang-raped corpses through streets and filming themselves slitting a preteen's throat in front of his siblings deserve civility?

Hahahahahaha!

Please go join them in Gaza. Make the world a better place for all of us.
Where are you from in the world? Just curious.

Been reading your comments and just wondering!
Oh then they’re still not committing genocide as they are not trying to wipe out the Palestinians. Ironically I guess you could say the Palestinians are genociding the Israelis.
Oh that is not what we are talking about. Criticizing is legit. Israel is not innocent of mistakes and bad policy. It is also effective, as it does change policy. That does not seem to work on Hamas however.

Anyway, just go trough the comments. So many people just don’t want to acknowledge that this shit is pure terror. This is not “freedom fighting”. For some reason Hamas isn’t held to same standards as Israel, and that seems to be fine by so many people. It’s infuriating.
Just like most gazans don't educate people to create terrorists or celebrate them.

Israel creates the conditions for terrorism far better than a formal education ever could.
I can find articles myself, I’m on Reddit for conversations. I’ll read articles if it’s proving a fact we disagree on but I’m not just gunna get linked articles randomly in convo
Sure. Hamas bad, Israel good. This graph shows who the real terrorist is.
I’m not saying this person necessarily is, but a lot are.
I’ve never met a sane person who calls people “sheep” on the internet
Nazi scum.
Except Palestine never had the house. You don’t even know basic fucking history holy shit. Britain ruled that land and divided it between the Arabs and Jews. The Jews were okay with that, the Arabs weren’t because the Arabs want to exterminate the Jews. 

Then the Arabs forcefully expelled the Jews multiple times, attacked them, and eventually lost. Then they attacked them again, and lost. Then they rejected every peace accord the Jews gave them. Then the Jews forced their own people to leave Arab land, which was followed by the Arabs electing a terrorist party as their government. 

Along the way, the Palestinians went to multiple other countries as refugees after losing wars they started, only to get kicked out of those countries too because they kept trying to start civil wars. 

Read a fucking book, you absolute dogshit moron.
Israel is doing horrible shit, absolutely, like, petty but horrible shit. Like extreme violence to children and such. Obviously, they also have a higher kill-statistic.

I can probably say Israel is worse the last 30 years, but this is at least a 80 year history of shit going down, where it began with jews almost being wiped out. This is quite recent for most jews, slavery is older in america than nazism. Most jews have quite a close relative that died in the genocide. 

I can't say that in this 100 year history for jews, that they were the worst. If anything, being a cornered animal make you quite chaotic. I am absolutely biased, but the history of jews vs palestinians are quite different. Palestinians didn't have a crazy dictator from germany who hated their ethnic group more than the dictator loved his own country. Like literally, as germany was losing, they increased the efforts to kill of jews. This weird kind of "I hate you so fucking much, I'm gonna die trying to kill you" will make anyone quite defensive. The fact that hamas says the same shit that Hitler said make me feel like jews are allowed to see hamas as a continuation of Hitler and the nazis. Like, when you think one attempt at genocide is over, another extreme group does a coup on a state (much like Hitler took control of germany) and talk about the utopia of a jew-free world. 

That's sort of why I hold that while Hamas is the new nazis, and palestinians/germans are simply the population that make nazis/hamas want to control the place. If it's okay to punch a nazi, is it therefore okay to punch someone from Hamas? I mean, I'm trying to really dig in the idea that nazis and hamas are the same vile people. Zionists are shit people as well, so when I defend Israel, I am not defending the extremists and I think my earlier argument goes even for them. Israel should dismiss the extreme voices and not enable them any way at all.

I'm trying to find statistics on the amount of rockets fired from both sides, and while that seems impossible without doing that graph myself, however, I see a pattern of Israel only sending about half the missiles and mortars that palestine/hamas does. They pack much more of a punch though plus, israel has way better capabilities overall. It's like Mike Tyson vs me. After 10 suckerpunches toward Mike, I would do no damage, except for pissing him off. 

For me, it looks like palestine should just stop doing that and try to get more help from the world around them. As long as they keep sending out useless rockets (compared to Israel) people like me are gonna dismiss them. But a fence-sitter, I could totally back up palestine because just like you said, israelians are no heavenly beings. At this point in time, I do still support israel over palestine. This is mainly because I notice anti-semitism even here in sweden. Anti-semitism is quite rampant in the muslim community, like, it get's real heated. A muslim co-worker got real hostile when I joked and said "My nose looks extra big today, I think I might have woken up jewish today".
The dude is born in sweden. He has no reason to hate jews like that.
How are they supposed to that if Israel keeps responding to terrorist actions you mean? You and the Palestinians that cry fowl seem to be happy to watch israel burn and do nothing about the terrorists being fostered in your own backyard - atleast showcase that the Palestinian people are willing to actively fight Hamas? No? Do you see them dancing in the street over civilian corpses? Yes? Your sympathy is gravely misplaced
I kinda agree. I know violence over a time tend to create extreme people.

I think my main issue is that I'm obviously biased to Israel and jews having their own state. Looking at history, I think jews also are "reasonable" in becoming extreme, like how they have one of the best intelligence services for recovering jews who've been kidnapped or whatever. If jews aren't being shipped away by germans, they have neighbours like hamas who yet again, speak about the eradication of jews. At some point, I do wonder how reasonal I could be if I was always being hunted simply because of my family/genetic history.

I understand that many palestinians have a right to hate some Israelians, but, for me, my biased opinion is, that it's too recent and they are too extreme for my liking. I hate landlords, but I don't think it's okay to publically say that all landlords should be fought to death simply because my landlord evicted me. I absolutely understand the weight of having your home taken from you, I understand the emotions going through palestinians, but at the same time, it's a war that doesn't seem to go anywhere except for more houses being bombed and people growing more and more extreme, from Zionists to hamas.

My fear is that palestinians will suicide by invasion of Israel. It's the little sibling that will get stomped if they try to attack, and that's what happens everytime in my eyes.

Hamas does something small, like killing 1 person, Israel slaps back so hard that 10 people die. Who can continue this fight?

I don't think Palestine can ever win in current political landscape. I don't view it possible for Israelians to move to other countries, certainly not a place like Sweden. Our big muslim population hates them. It would be easier for palestinians to move here. In the end, my family moved here during WW2. Does it suck for one generation to move to a better place? Sure, but that happens all the time.

I mainly view that palestinians want to reclaim something that was given to Israelians, and giving back 50% will not help, because palestians will still claim that jews live on their ancestors land and some will quote religion once again to eradicate "the last jews in israel".
Okay? At least 260 young lives enjoying a music festival. Doesn’t change what I said.
You've repeated the same thing as your first comment essentially.
Calling someone racist while referring to them as an animal… lol where else did i hear that term being used against a group of people recently… tsk tsk tsk… 

Your logical fallacies are boring. You’re not fit to have an adult conversation about this topic.
Good one dude, you shut down that one 👍
Wow I'm impressed. Usually your math is limited to Jew = Bad
Never said I was a practicing Catholic.  You may need to talk to a mental health professional because there is a lot of projection going on here.
If Israel wanted to eradicate Palestinians they would’ve done it already. They haven’t because they don’t. Whereas Palestinians will rape, torture, and murder Israelis any chance they get, as proven yesterday.
>Many converted to Islam.

were forced*  
  
And of course israel offers every jewish person to move to israel, that is the whole god damn point of israel. The whole world has some shitty conspiracy theories about jews, even in modern times. less than 100 years ago millions of people were killed because they were jewish. their nationality did not matter. that is true even today, people see jews as a sorta nationality that is why they need a nation that will take them and defend them, because the countries they live in won't.
No problem pal
It's antisemitic to ask that
You're living from the benefit of a massacre though. Nobody is complaining because there are no descendents to complain.
Don’t worry. They’re just a brainwashed Semite spreading propaganda via logical fallacies and desperation
Before this violence, yes. After, no.
At least be man enough to use a real account to support your terrorist friends.
Told me all I need to know. Inshallah you'll go to Gaza to support your terrorist brothers.
So you think too much immigration and being unsatisfied with the results of a UN backed decolonization plan means genocide is ok. Gotcha.
What the fck is wrong with you? 
Glorify Rape? Are you serious?
What a Sad, Little, disgusting creature you are…
You’re literally avoiding the question yourself lol. Terrorism is the only possible option yet you don’t seem confident in that claim, because you’re redirecting or reframing the argument. Just say you’re a hateful person that’s glad civilians got killed and at least you’d be honest
Good job spreading lies and also ignoring the Palestinian christians as well عبد الغرب
Ok so you continue to be a coward about it and your reasoning is “you choosing to care” without any basis, got it. You’ve proved nothing but your willingness to dance around it with platitudes or basic information most people are aware of and agree with. I hope no civilians get harmed, if Israel bombs terrorists sights, hopefully Hamas isn’t human shielding, but I’m not optimistic. Civilian deaths are horrible, but there is a distinction between targeting and results from that, I know it takes nuance but someday you’ll get there
Israel is so generous to make peace deals after they conquered more than half of palestine and killed everyone that stood in their way. Wow thats so nice from them.
If you want consistency, start with yourself. Do YOU think it's OK when "people burn down city hall for “racial justice” [and] innocent people also are harmed"?

Because from the sound of it, you don't.
Actually yes. If you can show me an Israeli military operation in the last 40 years where the military objective of the operation was the door to door ground search for and execution of hundreds of non-combatants that would change my mind.

Edit: guys, I don't think he can do that actually
Look up what objective means, is English your first language?
The ones that oppress their own people and use them as meat shields yes 😂
So in 2022  when a Christian terrorist killed people in Australia, did you have the same mentality?

Or how about the above? As the vast majority of deaths are Muslims, do you care at all that the Jewish people are killing them in the thousands?

No.

You blame the Muslims...who are dying
You’re being overly literal especially considering the IDF is functioning as death squads supporting a fascist ethnostste who explicitly believes their enemies are animals and is working towards their extermination.
“Not their land anyway”? Care to explain?
[deleted]
No Israel gets paid from us
That's because the British prefer to go to countries where the age of consent is 12
All drivers have blindspots
You sound so ignorant just like so many other Americans who have literally no clue what’s going on besides what Facebook and Reddit told them. Yet you all run your mouth like you know it all. It’s pathetic. It’s like sympathizing with the people who attacked the World Trade Center. They are Islamic extremists that target regular people instead of the military on purpose. They (Hamas) started the fighting regardless of what you’ve heard. They also don’t allow women to have rights and a lot of the civilians problems in Palestine is due to the Hamas regime screwing them over. They hurt their own people with their violent way of life. If they could cooperate they would live in better harmony. But they don’t. They just kill and that’s all they know how/want to do. They are terrorists and believe no one is allowed to be there except other extreme Muslims. Just face that fact.
Whatever you say terrorist supporter.
Palestine has never been a free state.  Hell, it has never been any kind of state.  Israel should be condemned as well for their crimes, but they have never done anything remotely close to what Hamas just did.  Cry baby.
Russians are big friends of HAMAS, and they act the same way. All these soldiers who committed war crimes (Bucha, Irpin, Mariupol, missile strikes to Ukrainian cities) - they were never prosecuted by Russian authorities. Russia is acknowledged terrorist state. So with this analogy we should check what Ukrainians do to Russia, not other way around.
Trying to conflate is not using logic.
Yes, don't be a terrorist.
Oh right the media is definitely on Israel's side.

Palestine elected terrorists to their government, and it turns out terrorists use innocent civilians as human meat shields. Hamas will routinely set up military installations and weapons depots near or at civilian buildings and then launch attacks against Israel indiscriminately targeting the IDF and civilians.

I get that it's a very tough pill to swallow that the so called victims in all of this have affiliation with islamic terrorism if their voting habits are any indication.
No, they use language to soften and obfuscate the atrocities they commit in order to make it more palatable for viewership.
I was responding to the comment,  not the graph. 100% bullshit. No smile, motherfucker.
No! I did not mean that! I forgot the /s.
First off equating the holocaust to the sins of Israel is so off base I don’t know where to begin. Please note that I’m fully acknowledging and condemning the actions of Israel in regards to the situation. 

Secondly it’s the horrors of ww2 that drive Israel to do what it does. Although it was a terrible idea to plop Jews in the middle of a region that fanatically wants them all dead that’s what happened and it can’t be undone. Don’t act surprised though that an entire people who were driven to the brink of extinction by the worst genocide the world has ever seen to not take an aggressive stance towards not letting that happen again. That’s why we are here. The Jews aren’t turning around and doing what was done to them, in their minds they are just taking what they feel are necessary steps to defend themselves from annihilation. The collateral damage done in the process of that is something they feel as being necessary even if we on the outside see it as something else. 

My point here is that it’s easy to condemn Israel and compare what they are doing to what was done to them, but that’s because we aren’t in their shoes. Right or wrong is not how Israel sees this, they are in a state of survival, one that has been galvanized by several wars where all their neighbors sought to annihilate them once again.
>Israel hasn’t been that bad, 

Literally bombing hospitals and [grabbing kids to use as human shield](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/un-report-accuses-israeli-forces-of-using-palestinian-children-as-human-shields-abusing-children-in-custody/) isn't that bad?

>but sure keeping people in ghettos isn’t nice.

It's not so much the keeping a population prison part as the shooting at kids part.
Then who have put the jews in the ghettos? Were they Palestinians?
The British? Doing something with far-reaching and devastating consequences for people of a different culture!?
There’s so much more to it than that muddying the waters. Like, how much if not most of the land in Israel was not owned by Palestinians on paper in 1946 because they sold it (but only on paper) to avoid taxes and conscription by the Ottoman Empire.
>We could, but that would be real dumb. That would be like excusing native Americans if they were to start terrorizing parts of the US and forcefully taking territory

What happens now is people saying "yeah they got genocided by the millions, but some of them took scalps so both sides bad"
Imagine saying this TODAY of all days. Your antisemitism really shines through bro.
Just a permanent ongoing damned tragedy.
Look at the chart.

You had no qualms about 15000 Palestinians killed by Isreal in 2019... 
They are treated like animals, yet when they fight back a bit, you lose your minds and pretend they are sub-human assassins, then randomly kill several thousand of them and call *them* savages...
*woosh* Yup, that’s the point. Think that thought through, and ask yourself:

“Does the parent comment say ‘No, they will do the same thing but not record it so they look like they're in the wrong.’ Sound like the point I think I’m trying to make by responding ‘Nice strawman. OK,lets play your game. You are a ped0phile kills children. Give us your proof of your innocence now, if you can't then you're doing it.’?”

Real question, are you just a bit thick, or are you a chatbot?
You don’t know what genocidal means - and it’s extremely rude to call the only middle eastern democratic government genocidal, especially when it’s Jewish. It’s a tale as old as time, either the Jews are running the banks, or stealing stuff or are doing a genocide on some other group. You know who also said the Jews were doing a genocide about 80 years ago? You are fishing in extremely murky waters, and it’s so extremely rude to pick today of all days to complain about Israel when a terrorist group just attacked the country, a group that actually want to exterminate the Jews. But of course the Jews are worse in your book!
Lol. I live in a city in Sweden where Jews barely can live anymore, because of leftists and Muslims that oppress them, just as it’s been all over the world for centuries. 

I am very well aware of this, especially since I’ve gone through Swedens despicable history with both oppressing Jews and legitimizing Palestinian terrorist organization. Our PM was the first one that took Arafat to the world stage for example.

So you’re so completely wrong - I’ve done my homework, historic and internal, so that I’m not antisemitic. 

You on the other hand have a badly veiled hate for Jews, again, which so many people do. 

I suggest you try to educate and work on yourself a little bit.
No, I'm all for defeating a terrorist group that yesterday slaughtered houndreads of my countrymen and now continue to cowardly hide between their civilians while threatening to wipe out Israel.

I am for not negotiating with terrorist.

And you can preach ethics to me when YOU have seen your country men paraded naked after being raped, beaten and killed.
You are justifying a campaign of rape, murder, torture, and complete undisputable terrorism. A failed empire who left 77 years ago didn't make them do that. These are real lives. You are falling for their propaganda and the idiocy of the wokesters.
And a way for them to be considered illegitimate in their claims against Israel. If you want to pony up on a party that publicly supports genocidal acts, any claim they try to make that may legitimately tarnish Israel is now questioned and not even considered important. 

The only way Palestinians will find some headway in these tensions is to outright agree that Israel has a right to exist and any future negotiations need to be without any conflict involved. Until then, they are on the losing side of any and all diplomatic negotiations.
You have this backwards, or did you forget to look at the graphic... The Israeli state has been systematically killing Palestinians for decades, just as the Germans tried to do to the Jewish people. Are we to be surprised that after years of genocide, extremists have taken hold and are fighting back because they feel it is their only option? Uninformed people like you really do the world a disservice. Become *actually* educated and stop swallowing all the propaganda that the anti-Muslim media is feeding you. You (presumably) have a brain of your own. Please use it.
Its either that, or be subjected to a Jews who want to eliminate Palestine and all Palestinians, making it worse knowing that the west is completely on the side of the Jews giving them full rain to commit genocide and break UN laws without repercussions.

Tell me something if you lived in a land that was rightfully the Land of your people, and was subjected to such cruelty, what would your mindset be ?

Put yourself in their shoes.
Then they're happy with "humanitarian funds" buying weapons, etc.
Fuck 'em
I bet they did it all of a sudden without being provoked at all. Lol
"keep the gloves on"?
Yes. Extraordinarily so. Did you not see the celebrations lol
The only chance for peace is the liberation of Palestine. I can't speak to their current popularity. But, Palestinians clearly thought Hamas were the best organization to achieve those ends. Israel has proven time and time again they have no intention of allowing Palestinians to coexist in peace. 

Its all fucked, really. The attacks were horrific but what Israel is doing to Palestinians now is much much larger scale.

Only tips are to avoid any US reporting on the issue. The Guardian is fine but you'll never get even reporting from the US press.
Don't side track, answer my question.

Also this was the fate of the legitimate representative they tried to elect first.

"In late 2004, after effectively being confined within his Ramalla compound for over two years by the Israeli army, Arafat fell into a coma and died."

They imprisoned the actual elected people. I'd choose violent militants just to say fuck you and your sham elections too.
When I see a link that isn't 16 yo and nowhere has "provisional" which is what it is called, I will be satisfied. Right now, my belief is that 2007 was much like our (US) 2000, so it means little today.
>It's not genocide. It's war.

war has two sides, this is a country against prisoners.

> Genocide is what the Nazis did to Jews. The Jews were not at war with the Nazis, they never vowed their destruction. 

Palestinian kids never vowed Israel's destruction.


>Palestinians declared war on the Jews and lost. Tough shit. Now they're butt hurt that they lost their land as a result, land that has since been gifted back, and they still launch these attacks. 


So every nation that loses a war against its invaders should be genocided? Should Putin lock all Ukrainians behind a wall and randomly shoot kids if he wins?


>This isn't genocide. This is a result. What? Do you think North Korea is an open air prison as well? 

North Korea is a country, not a bunch of people crammed into a reserve behind walls like a big concentration camp.

>You fuck around, you find out, you have to live with the consequences

Shooting kids for their grandparents fighting off invaders is bad m'kay.

>If they literally did nothing but live their day to day lives and worked towards peace with Israel, things would be a lot better. Instead, they choose violence. In response, they receive violence. Tough shit.

The perfect genocide is when you massacre an entire nation and people say "what have they done to themselves".
I mean it is their homeland, and has been inhabited by Jews for thousands of years...
The fact that you're *STILL* talking about "Israeli Terror" after watching hundreds of Israelis massacred should cause you to reevaluate your position and should lay bare to those who read this that your biases make your take non-credible.
You can't read can you.
Rape is, and always has been used as a weapon of war. No propaganda needed for that to be true. There's zero doubt in my mind that with all the other atrocities that are occuring, there are without a doubt brutal rapes happening. There are already videos showing the naked and battered bodies of women who were clearly raped/murdered.  Just like in Ukraine for a recent example, and every other war in all of human history.
You could have just admitted you were speculating and didn't have any real information, would have taken much less words.
You comment literally and very specifically mentioned Hamas like it was some sort of exceptional event. Apologies for interpreting your words exactly as written. What a huge error on my part. Moron.
[deleted]
Turns out Israels ARAB neighbors warned them if this attack and it looks like bibi let this happen to drum up war time support for his political career.

Guess everyone just hates them for existing or something.
Do not disagree with Israel’s right to defend itself at all.  What happened was sickening.  I appreciate your comments.  Many may see the difference, but many are ignorant to a lot.  Myself included.  Bums me out to see overtly complex things like war and land right become simple side a vs side b arguments.
Your attitude stinks of "You live in society, you cannot criticize society".

Fuck that invalid bullshit. Call out problems where ever and whenever you see it. If nobody ever acted out of fear of being labelled hypocritical no flaws would ever be brought to the surface or addressed. 
So really, you are arguing against accountability. Why would you be so irresponsible?
Nope, fuck all that. I will not recognize falsehoods or refuse to call out apartheid. Don't choke on that hasbara boot
Around 60% of the world lives on land that was previously stolen. It doesn't make the past actions okay, and it doesn't make current land theft okay either.
No, I didn't miss your point. It's irrelevant. Palestinians were on the land and didn't steal it from Jews. They are the victims of occupation and apartheid
The Palestine Authority is not Hamas.  Hamas controls Gaza.  Citizens in Gaza are not allowed to vote and Hamas has rejected any attempt at free and fair elections.  The last real elections Palestine had were basically in 2006, and even that was a shitshow.
When in 2006?
I don’t think there is a populated place on the planet that could be characterized as having an entire history of peace and rainbows.  The truth is this all sucks.  It sucks for Israelis and it sucks for Palestinians.  And though both sides have strong feelings I’m positive the majority of neither want atrocities to happen or for their neighbors to live in fear.
[Atrocities.](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/1734x8y/comment/k41f1uv/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)  From an outside view, both parties seem to be equally reprehensible in their actions.  What would be say if they tried to frame the attack as an attempt to liberate their wrongfully incarcerated family and friends?
Have you not seen the history of the nation of Israel creating illegal settlements under international law constantly shrinking the land the Palestinians can live on , thus creating disconnected “bantustans” in the West Bank .  And the Israelis have forced the remaining over two million Palestinians into what is referred to as the world’s largest open air prison .  And then bombing the whole of Gaza , reducing it to rubble every few years , now as has been done in the past  , but in all probability on a more horrific scale . Sure , the Palestinians have committed horrific crimes against Israeli citizens but on nothing like the numerical scale Israel has committed against the Palestinians .  Look at the statistics of death and injuries compiled by the United Nations .
I'm just sick and tired of people feeling they need to take a side about which is worse, everything related to what's happened in the last few days has been horrific, full stop.
It's all muslim and terrorism so much support for hamas see this 
and regularly kills your children referring to themselves as chosen ones. https://youtube.com/shorts/_G8mBbzKXfI?si=Pmsklh6haximZQe8 https://youtu.be/clh-v_LChoA?si=PvHjOhccvN3r2CPq https://youtu.be/go1fJ1mV-n4?si=EWs-IcPQB87jAP95 https://youtu.be/xMYcMzV71rQ?si=adgPpGgdpJRzeibo https://youtube.com/shorts/cGz0TzC2zTE?si=n7znNB-WHG_4cOLu https://youtube.com/shorts/cGz0TzC2zTE?si=78xYn6ARrPt2Y9Be
Simplistic? That’s literally what is happening. What do you think the settlements are?
I was talking about my response to you as well. I am taking the reasonable response to Israel's decades of mass murder.
Arguably Israel does exactly the same thing, hiding behind Israeli settlers on stolen Palestinian land & using extremely justified violence against them as cause for attack.
That may be true, but this is an ideological conflict. Israel has no resources to gain, other than the Gaza land they traded in a land for peace deal. If they wanted to take that land back, they could take it back pretty fast. What other resources are there to gain?
Oh it's definitely a factor, but to not have full universal healthcare (and that's not considering the mess things like the VA are) and it to still cost double per capita is... something to say the least. The real issue boils down to medical costs here because companies can, basically, set prices, which goes to hospitals being expensive, which goes to insurance being a pain in the butt.
Right, that means that all of them deserves to die. I get it, just make sure there are no half measures. Kill them all or quit pussyfooting around. I'm not here to make you feel better about genocide.
So 5600 collatoral damages is better than intentionally killings 250 people? In perfect scenario no one should died but you seems like try to excuse the killing of that many people just because they claim it as collateral
[deleted]
The eridicate jews is just false, i just red the hamas covenent, the wording is taking out of context from article 7 talking about hadith talking about doomsday. The hadith is just the quotation and not the actual hamas belief because in that article it specifically mentioned zionist not jew
All the numbers in your comment added up to 69. Congrats!

      1
    + 28
    + 1
    + 30
    + 3
    + 1
    + 4
    + 1
    = 69

^([Click here](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=LuckyNumber-Bot&subject=Stalk%20Me%20Pls&message=%2Fstalkme) to have me scan all your future comments.) \
^(Summon me on specific comments with u/LuckyNumber-Bot.)
[deleted]
I never said it did. I said Israel doesn't execute women and children. Israel doesn't drive into a music festival and massacres innocent youngsters. Israel does not want to kill Palestinians just because they are Palestinians. If you ever wondered what would happen if Israel just gave up at any point, you just got an answer. If Hamas was to give up, you'd see a peaceful and successful population living in Gaza. 
At any rate, the world already hates Israel. I'll probably won't convince anyone here to start liking Israel. Just be mindful who you support. Some people think that the underdog is always right. Sometimes it just isn't so.
Which part?

https://unwatch.org/un-admits-palestinians-fired-rockets-unrwa-schools/

https://www.timesofisrael.com/unrwa-condemns-subterranean-opening-found-beneath-gaza-school/amp/
>You think a state is responsible for the condition of their occupied territories? Heh, you must be a terrist

Dude it's not 2002 these shit arguments don't work on at least Americans anymore.
Sure. How about Americans fuck off Native American land? Or maybe that’s too old of a dispute? Ok let’s wait another 200 years. This is not going to work. Nobody is going to move Israel. I guarantee you Israel will burn the entire Middle East before that happens. You need to wake up from that delusional dream and start talking about living peacefully side by side. Seeking vengeance will only escalate violence.
yeah, i don't and have no reason to lol
Hamas is pretty terrible at their intended goals, yes. This attack has been their most competent, and you can see in it's toll where Hamases goals lie. Israel has spent decades containing Hamas by any means nescessary. They have erected large walls on their border with Gaza, patroled the waters around the fishing zone they have granted Gaza, and made large efforts to block arms shipments to Gaza.
[deleted]
We can go back even more if you wish. Events that led to 1922 are the very beginning of the Middle Eastern partition, so if you want to talk about the issue as a whole, you don't start in 1948. But let's go back even more, what you will find is that Palestinians never had any state there, while Israel ruled the region as a kingdom for hundreds of years.
> That exact same thing can be said to the IDF you know that right?

Yes... Thus my:

> Multiple things can be wrong at the same time.
i mean no, the poster boy for apartheid would definitely be south africa
Nope.  Apartheid would imply that the parts of Palestine are part of Israel which it keeps segregated.  This isn't true, Palestine for most intents and purposes is an independently acting country from Israel.

> Hundreds of thousands??? Where are you getting these numbers lmao. All that Israel has left of Palestine is tiny communities and camps

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_exodus_from_the_Muslim_world
Here you go:

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=MknerYjob0w
And the plane crash with his opponent on it was totally an accident a few days later.
By that argument New York Times isn’t a viable link…..   are you familiar with Israeli news sources ? I doubt it
So you have no response to the substance of either of theose links? Just "lol" and make fun of them for sharing a link from the times of Israel along with an AP link?
You cant have life without land.

Its easy to talk about these topics as if you know what they mean coming from a position of privilege.
[deleted]
I'm not gonna go back and forth but yes there is a difference between unintentional collateral from airstrikes on a cell that is notorious for storing military equipment in residential areas and literally knocking down civi doors to force them to the street for a throat cutting, raping, and then parading through the streets. It doesn't really matter if it's terror, as I said they are BOTH horrible. But yes Hamas is definitely a terror group.
Neither Jordan or Kuwait was really poor though. 

With Lebanon it did pretty much just shove it over the edge though
It'd be like calling the US colonialist in its current state, despite them having no actual colonies. The US and Israel are likewise simply products of British mismanagement.
Oh, so war crimes are justified if people elect a group that you don't like?

Note, that you don't seem to holding Israeli citizens accountable for the murders and war crimes that their government carries out.
You’ll get downvoted because Reddit, but this is fact. Hamas wants to kill an entire ethnic group just because they exist. This is a religious extremism thing as well a they took our land thing. You can’t reason with people that want to kill you simply because you exist.
Egypt isn't blockading, illegally occupying, and committing war crimes in Palestinian territories.  Israel is.
how is that the Palestinians fault? why do palestinians have to suffer because of it? 

Are those people more important than the Palestinians? 

you could've said that israel and palestine should be 1 country with equal rights for all
Taking the example beyond where I intended and a bit too literally. 

Germany, post ww2, had committed genocide against multiple sets of people, waged war across Europe for 6 years and was the second time it had done it in under 50 years. 

Palestine in that time while their political bodies spouting rhetoric, and been aggressive have not done that. Additionally the space that Israel is in was contested on and off for a few thousand years. 

It was almost setup to fail or be difficult. 

Since then there has been back and forth killings and attacks to the point of there essentially being no effective option anymore. The people who live there, on both sides, will suffer for the political whims of others. 

As for your comment about using previous events to vilify Israel; they have done plenty in my lifetime to be disliked. So has Hamas. You don't need to vilify them, just look at the attitudes towards each other. The killing of each others civilians, medics, journalists, all the protected persons in a standard war. 

There is no innocent party in the situation, other than those who have never take up arms.
Did I just not answer you ? My point is that NOW, the world and people like you pay attention.

Let me flip this on you. Is it bad/wrong for an occupying force to do rape, kill, kidnap, and displace the people they are occupying ?
What the IDF is going to in revenge in Gaza will be the same as Hamas will do in Israel. No one has the moral high ground
How can I sleep? Because I’ve seen what euro-americans have done to the indigenous population here, what the British did the India, what Spain and Portugal did to Latin America, what Japan did in Korea. The list goes on and on. I am on the side of the colonized. The side fighting against imperialism, not with it. Idgaf about occupiers throwing a party on stolen land outside a concentration camp.
"Bro it's totally irrelevant that Palestinians only exist because Arabs conquered the land and colonized it"

Lmao
[deleted]
Everyone condemns the terrorist acts.

The long term solutions though lie entirely at the feet of Israel to implement or not. So far they have chosen to continue this.
oh there is anger, but that's just a symptom, it's a direct result of Camp David's peace accords, Egypt is a dictatorship with a relatively easy and cheap political leadership that can be enticed into doing Israel's bidding from the Egyptian side.
[deleted]
Amnesty International? Are you serious?
I just get annoyed people can't see that they can be antisemitic. Like maybe Jewish people have a point or a reason to be annoyed that we all don't like talking about?! Like Hamas just verbatim tells people it's a bad extremist conservative religious group?!

Tragic situation overall, but I do hope for the best of the Israeli people.
Are you really calling Israel fascist and not the violent ultra religious terrorist group Hamas, that wants to kill all jews? Also how much better can they do than 'easily most progressive country in the region'?
Well, unfortunately absolutely nothing else has worked to give them back the land they deserve. Or for the government of Isreal to not continue to ignore UN resolutions over the last 40 years.  I’m open to suggestions on what else they could try that they haven’t already?
So by this logic it's ok for Israel to do anything now? Use your brain.
You know nothing about history. It's been tit for tat since the beginning, the beginning when every single bordering country declared war on Israel and swore to wipe every Jew out of the Middle East. Hamas, Hezbollah, etc have always wanted to kill every Jew in the Middle East. 

Israel has not been innocent, but the vast majority of their actions the past many decades has been self preservation.
Wow this is a whole thing you wrote about imaginary enemies. Meanwhile, the rest of the world was being rational and condemning both sides. Now Hamas has made enemies of all those people by dragging women into cars by their hair, raping them, kidnapping children, and mowing down kids dancing to music. Good job dude, you're totally making strides to turn the tide of public opinion. 

No one will forgive them for this. They have lost the good will of everyone I know that supported free Palestine movements, because they have used their anger as justification to commit a televised atrocity. You're a bad person for trying to justify this.
Ah yes, they started the conflict by... declaring independence and subsequently being invaded 6 times over less than a century?
And the rape? How do you view hamas raping Israeli civilians on camera?
I was speaking about myself sir/madam.
Are you saying they are using their own civilians as meat shields? The Hamas. If there is an undeniable proof of that, then I guess I could understand some civilian casualties. Like blowing up a house of a general using a drone strike, with the rest of the family, if that family never leaves. But there is a lot of nuance here, at least I can see lots of different possibilities to fuck up, and I don’t necessarily trust the media to report it all factually.
I don’t think that it warrants a violent response if the attack was prevented. But then again, I wasn’t raised on Protestant values.
yes I remember something similar. But even if I take that on face value I'm left with trust issues in the best of worlds because of how effectively the narrative appears to have been controlled over the years. In the worst of worlds I would have guessed that the US gave a stern talking to "this is making us both look bad, do better in the future but for now we have to maintain good optics", and yes I understand that that's nothing more than a conspiracy theory. 

Even now the technology subreddit was pointing out directed misinformation is surging on reddit and other social media. For now go kill as many Hamas as you want as a response to these horrible attacks,  but after that something needs to change, we cant do this for another 15 years
"Don't protest the fact we've corralled you into a slum and deprived you of any statehood, we're stronger than you"
Largely because it’s irrelevant the point of this is to show unburied/casualties on both sides of Israel is gunning down people throwing rocks that’s just as much death. It’s also kinda strange how you don’t question why they need to gun down people throwing rocks
I just checked and can't agree with you. If we look purely on numbers, Palestinians suffered 60% civilians casualties (20% of casulties were children) while Israelis suffered 70% (12% children). When you take into account the number of casualties, you have to agree that Palestinians got the worse end. 

I mentioned the casualties of children just to prove you can manipulate the data and take what suits you. I could argue, based on these numbers that Israleis killed far more children then Palestinians (not that it isn't true based on numbers), and yet if I only show the percent of civillian casualties without showing total numbers you would think that Palestinians are "worse".

So no, it doesn't paint a totally different picture. Only we can try to alter the actual painting, if we wish to do so.
Oh did you never oppose US intervention in foreign conflicts for the sake of proxy wars?

I just assumed this started in 2022.  So like I'm wrong and you support the war on terror and stuff?
You're right 

The military industrial complex is doing some real good out there nowadays!

Finally, right?
lol
Shut the fuck up. You support Israel, you’re a genocide sympathizer.
just say that arabs are subhumans and move on weirdo
Wow seems someone doesn't know the definition of propaganda. Don't worry I literally linked it earlier in here for you but typical redditor that you are you blew right by objective facts to tell me how "wrong" I am.

The information is simply being posted for propaganda purposes and how hard you are literally pushing for it as some objective facts that are important with no ulterior motive shows exactly why propaganda is so effective.
“Tens of thousands.” Source that’s not Palestinian?
There is absolutely no Archeological proof of Jesus. This is just a bullshit claim made by Christian apologists that is debunked time after time after time. And you're right,even if he existed,that wouldn't prove he was God. Please,what's some of the Archeological evidence for Jesus
Quick question, was Satan aware of who God was ?


Also I'd like to add,God constantly violates free will in the bible. Pharaoh wanted to let the Jewish Slaves go,and purposely hardened his heart so that he didn't,just so he could show off some more
I'd say it doesn't make sense why a God would need to 'simulate' anything, but to each their own I guess.
You can go be in fairy land while the adults go and try to actually make the world a better place.
They started targeted bombing of key targets. Hardly levelling the place.

>They also started starvation of everyone inside. They turned Gaza strip into the largest death camp in history.

Lol. It's a standard siege. Won't kill any hostages (Assuming Hamas kept them alive). The only question is when will the rescue operations begin. After that it'll be full gloves off.
For all of recorded history actually!
>"military competence" this sounds like a redditor in his chair moment.

Think what you want. But that was the point of my original comment. The graph literally shows military competence.

>it doesn't matter, empires have lost over underequipped militias or armies. Don't call people incompetent for fighting when they have nothing to do but fighting, that's not what incompetent means.

Again. It's not the fighting itself that makes them incompetent. It's the circumstances under which they choose to fight and the tactics they use that makes them so.

And I will call them incompetent if they continue this as the only thing that happens is their people get slaughtered.

>Israel is literally the invader, they were given lands by the British and nothing more.

Lol. No. Israel has just as much a right to that land as any of the Arab people. Blame the Brits for not making an arrangement where things worked out. Not Israel's fault the colonial powers never learn.

>they caused this situation by seizing lands and creating a state of Apartheid

Lol. So dealing with terrorists is apartheid? We ain't talking about the West Bank (And there's a lot of propaganda regarding that area too but I digress). This is Gaza. A land a terrorist organisation uses as a base to keeping poking Israel.
they dont like it so calling it propaganda is the easiest
They don’t claim Palestinians as their people. They’re claiming the Palestinians robbed them of their land and are living in stolen land

They’re wrong and deluded by religious nonsense, but that just makes their belief all the more solid in its foundation
Preach brother. We have more in common with the working classes of EVERY country than we do with rich people in our own.
Nothing I said disagrees with that.
I used to be a believer in that. Then I actually talked with people from different countries and realized I don’t actually share that many values with them.
> The Minister of Strategic Affairs was arrogant enough to say the death toll was like 9/11. If only he could get his head out of Netanyahu's ass, he'd realize that the two numbers aren't even close. It's frankly an insult to compare this to 9/11.

Hi. Welcome to the next Yom Kippur War, only this one was a surprise attack on Simchat Torah, another religious holiday.

The comparison made was given the number dead per capita, in which case it is in fact worse.
“Noooo they had to kill those concert goers, israel did a war crime so raping and murdering college students was their only option”

Like I said, eat shit you terrorist bootlicker
And where did I compare the 2? Or have you replied to the wrong person?
If every attack was justified by hamas using human shields then Israel wouldn't be killing journalists covering it. It wasn't just a one time incident either. 20 journalists have been killed by the IDF since 2001.   You admit all of the brutal settler-colonial bullshit Israel has committed against Palestinians yet you think it's justified because of Hamas? Hamas arose as a response to Israeli settler-colonialism and apartheid of the Palestinians. I'm not saying Hamas is a laudable organization, they're an extremist, fundamentalist group. But extremist, fundamentalist groups don't arise out of nowhere. Hamas is the direct and unsurprising result of Israel (intentionally) creating an unstable and unlivable situation for Palestinians and making no attempt at peace with Palestine. They didn't make peace when Hamas wasn't in control of Gaza because they didn't want peace. They wanted to co Tinder their settler-colonial project and thus Hamas arose to power and the bloodshed has continued to escalate.
>I'm not justifying that,

Yes you are.
Welcome to reddit brother, idiots everywhere who will argue over everything. But let them imagine what world they do if they were if those shoes
Look if you have the mental load and emotional capacity to humanize and empathize with the groups of people who spat on the corpses of raped women (many of whom were foreigners and thus completely uninvolved with the conflict between israel and palestine) then good on you, myself i already had no sympathy for them by virtue of them being islamic fundamentalists who would kill myself or my friends on sight, so in this current situation I wish them good luck but will not shed tears for them
[deleted]
Lol iam not the one supporting expelling a people from their land based on ethnicity. And then you have the balls to claim others are parroting nazi propaganda

And no evidently you cant read. The pretext for invasion of poland was „protecting“ the germans in poland. I used this example because after the war, eastern territories of germany were given to poland and all the inhabitants there were expelled. The size of that territory now makes up half of poland. Now someone like you could come along and make the exact argument you do for Israel expelling the polish und give the germans back that land.
Tons of different ethnic groups live in Israel, but you are probably ignorant of that fact.
You expect me to defend the actions of the former British empire? Doesn't make what the genocidal state of Israel is doing right.
What about civilians at concerts and in bomb shelters? Or do you care about those civilians less?
No, it’s not even close to the same thing but nice reach. And what’s that story supposed to prove? I’m not here arguing in favor of Israel OR Palestine, I was pointing out you don’t get to just brush literal missile assaults under the rug simply because “oh well they have the iron dome so it’s irrelevant”
Lol so sending bombs into Israel and them having a middle defensive system to protect deaths = holding a 12 year old by the head?? Lol atleast I know now that you're too insane to reason with
What a strange argument to try and make.
You went from Palestine wanting to destroy Israel is propaganda to well if you were in Palestinians situation you’d feel the same way. Did you forget already? You keep insulting my intelligence not my points based on nothing. Please stop doing that because you were wrong It’s pretty embarrassing
Absolutely. Most of it has lead to needless suffering and violence. Why in gods name would I support that just because it's Palestine and not Israel? There is no "good side" in this conflict, and there's no reason to pick a side. I don't understand why people are rushing to defend their flavor of violent regime over the other
I wouldn't shoot the children.
I can tell from your second-to-last paragraph that I haven't been clear enough. Let me be very clear. The situation that nearly every single terrorist fighter of every time of every creed has found themselves in is a situation that was created for them from their circumstances. Their stories are often just as tragic as the stories of those they kill.

And yet the personal tragedies of one does not leave them without culpability. You are absolutely right about the circle of violence. I wish to absolve nothing from it, neither the actions of the IDF nor the actions of Hamas. 

I am sorry that you can not see past your own prejudices. I want to understand more about this situation, but you have essentially told me that I am unable to understand it on account of my skin color. I can't say I believe that understanding is on your bucket list, but I can say I don't believe your race has anything to do with your capabilities to understand.
You had two options after reading the definition.

Option # 1:
Wow! I didn't know that. I wonder what else I don't know. I should read some books from both sides to fully understand this problem. I'll form my opinion after I have studied this issue carefully. 

Option # 2:
Ummm ok, let me see if my bias somehow fits in to this definition. Aha! found it! fuk this guy!

You chose the easy way.
Nobody here is calling it “freedom fighting” we are calling it the unfortunate repercussions of decades of authoritarianism, harassment, seizure of property, deaths of civilians, and destruction of infrastructure. So many here calling this terror were oddly silent the last few decades when Palestinians were being killed too.
Not really. Hamas houses in noncombatant facilities and uses folks as human shields so civilian casualties are to be expected. They also torture and kill any dissenters within the gazan population. They are a cancer.
A lot of people are saying a lot of things. Like I said, many are also arguing for the genocide of Palestinians while also condemning the horrendous mass killings perpetrated by Hamas.
We’ve never met.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godwin%27s_law
>Britain ruled that land

Ooh yeah I missed the part where the arabs gave it to them with a jar of cookies and fucking kisses... I am sorry! I should have read more history...
Alright. I can't say I fully agree with you, but thank you for the good faith response.
It’s pretty obvious you only care when it happens to Israelis
What? How so?
You should go to Gaza and help your heroes out.

Make the world a better place.
Cute. But no. My equation depends on the variables. If a Israelite/jew is normal my feelings are normal. If a israelite/jew is radicalized i feel a slight disdain towards him. If they’re homicidal, i don’t care about him at all. I just wish he would commit the least amount of crminal acts before he meets a (hopefully) swift end (taylor’s version ofc).
Freudian slip by the nazi
>If Israel wanted to eradicate Palestinians they would’ve done it already. They haven’t because they don’t

Lmfao you think that's how it works? You think anyone in their right mind wouldn't condemn the genocide of 2 million people?

Also ignoring *everything else I said* really proves my point
Why would it matter if someone's ancestors were converted to Islam or forced? This was hundreds of years ago and matters about as much as the fact that the Jews also forced converts and murdered non-believers. 

What matters is that the land Israel currently occupies already had inhabitants in 1947, and those inhabitants families had been on that land for hundreds or thousands of years. 

As many Jews themselves have pointed out, a ethnostate is not only not needed to keep Jews safe, it doesn't keep Jews safe at all. There's millions of Jews in the EU, millions of Jews in the USA, and millions in Israel. And the one places where the Jews are the most threatened is Israel, and they are threatened there because they colonized an existing people's land, displaces them, refused them the right to return, and now are actively engaged in a Palestinian genocide. 

The answer to one genocide is not another genocide.
Lmfao it was never an option. It’s propaganda to say otherwise.

Can we ban these propaganda accounts?
False. Israel has never offered to return true Palestinian land.

You know very well this is a power struggle, and you know very well that Israel is not a land full of only civilians. I denounce all violence against civilians, but the blood of civilians is due to Israel and the West. It would never have happened in such systematic fashion hadn't Israel systematically instigated it.
Why do you support the genocide and oppression of the Palestinian people?..
You think evicting people from their homes and ancestral land and forcing them to make room for settlers is the same thing as "too much immigration"? And me being opposed to this forced eviction of people on a purely racist ground is 100% identical to me saying "genocide is ok"?   


God, this is how much zionism rots your fucking brain dude. I fucking hate you people and how stupid and repetitive EVERYTHING you say is
The '47 decolonization plan was pro-zionist in nature, giving Israel over 60% of the land despite having less than half the population. The plan was made with economical and political interests of the West as well as the Soviet Union; it was made to exploit. Both the time leading up to the resolution and the aftermath was exceptionally biased in Israel's favor, much because of the Holocaust but also due to racism.
I'm not avoiding anything, i will answer you if you answer my question which i asked FIRST, before you asked me a question to change the subject

again what is your solution to let palestinians return to their villages and cities their were ethnically cleansed from?

again i will answer your question after you answer mine, don't change the subject
why not translate Abdul gharb into English you spineless barbaric piece of terrorist-apologist shit??

Abdul gharb in English means "slave of the West". this is an insult leveled to any Arab or Muslim who doesn't back their bloodthirsty beliefs, or anyone who is a freethinker in the Islamic world. us freethinkers are under attack by these same people. I hope all the Westerners and Easterners read this to understand.

now what kazzab?? munafiq! Pretend to say that the Palestinian christians back it all lol, I know oalestinian Christians from ramallah who are pissed off with the perpetuation of this war. they hate Israeli ultranationalists but are willing to TALK AND MAKE PEACE. Unfortunately the islamist groups in charge of Palestine and who police the thoughts and speech of all Palestinians want war and martyrdom for all. So instead of a two state solution that even some other Arab states have been hinting for Palestinians to concede with for the benefit of the continuation of the Palestinian race, you'd want to "drive the Jews into the sea" and them to fight to the death, like all your bloodthirsty ulama/scholars say and encourage you to do without doing it themselves? ahsant! mashallah you are a true mu'min!

I don't back those racist Israeli ethno-nationalists and I don't back Islamist anti-jew fascists like you. I broke free of Islam and can think for myself finally, alhamdulillah. you claim the ones you fight are evil, but you ARE evil. 

if you want to reach a logical mind, then you must be open to understand that all races and religions are just constructs and human beings have the same feelings and capacity for reason as you. You must back down from your hatred and bloodlust, if you can get assurances the other side will do the same. but you won't ever think that way. because you were brainwashed by years of Islamic intifada backed TV, speeches, and religious jihad/war nasheeds to the otherwise.

the Palestinian territories have the same GDP as many medium economies including the place I live in far away from the mid east, so go ask yourself what did Hamas, PLA or even Fatah do for the Palestinian people (or Hezbollah for the Lebanese) except breed generations of brainwashed children on accepting blood vendettas were unavoidable and the idea that all yahudi should be exterminated?? What is Jordan doing?? what is Egypt doing?? what is the entire mideast that isn't rich from khaleeji oil money doing?? Ask yourself as an Arab and or Muslim, what are OUR PEOPLE doing to contribute to any peace globally whatsoever??

You won't though, and I can guarantee you won't, because you thrive on the idea of the glory of jihad, you thrive on separating the world into dar alharb and dar assalam, you thrive on beating your chest to the world to somehow show you're now "justified" in perpetuating this war and the untimely murders of both the Israelis and Palestinians. I've heard all the nasheeds growing up about wanting to exterminate the Jews. I've read the sources from the hadith, listened on cassette tape as a kid by my uncle in the car about those hate filled antisemitic talks by the ulama about why the "Jews are cursed" and received the "wrath of Allah" we all (I used to anyway) recite in Surat Al fatiha multiple times a day with the 5 prayers, then numerous times again in tarawih in Ramadan, how the West is the Dajjal the illuminati  all the paranoid bs they can spew.. I also remember studying in madrasa that in the latter days when Jesus and the Mahdi would return and that there would be a war to exterminate the Jews will reach its head. I've spoken with "friends" back then who believed it was useless for Muslims to trust or to bother with peace with Jews or Westerners since they'll be destroyed by the Mahdi and Jesus in the latter daya. You thrive on it all because it's all you know. Your hatred of Jews and Westerners and disdain for all non Muslims and (as you're also I assume an Arab) all non-Arabs, consumes you.

Toxic culture. toxic religion. toxic twisted morals. toxic everything. Alhamdulillah I left the mind games your ulama play and the evil idea that the current form of Islam and honour culture contribute to perpetuating hatred and killing others who don't submit. 

Palestine is not my issue. Neither is the West. I don't live in the West.

Common sense dictates at some stage, rational human beings will try to cease all hostilities. So why now did Hamas do this again to the Israeli civilians?? Because they and the entire Palestinian leadership is irrational. The majority of the Islamic world that backs them are irrational. Most of you believe in blood soaked fairy tales about vengeance and martyrdom and antisemitic genocide. But the world deserves to know this side of the ideology behind what these groups are doing and what drives them in this intifada. The nakba (brokered between the British, the Zionist troops AND Palestinians sheikhs!!) is one thing, but this perpetuation of war is the true nakba in this 21st century.. 70 years war and killing? You don't want any peace. And that's the honest truth. 

General rule: after 70 fucking years of sustained conflict with numerous olive branches extended from the other side, you must learn how to sort out your own problems like rational human beings, not like antisocial ravenous beasts seeking "martyrdom". Then perhaps you will find more people willing to disregard the fake tears shed, shirt tearing and dirt throwing that Palestinian media trumps up by allowing their fighting men to operate from civilian apartment blocs where children are and have brainwashed all their families to believe that becoming a "shahid" (=martyr for those who speak English) will mean instant paradise. We in the greater Islamic world, as well as you, know that is what the Palestinian terrorist groups are doing. The ANC didn't do this, even the IRA didn't weaponize all Irish people to immediately kill English people on sight. you know who else do this? Da'esh!
Don't you understand that if I condemn the killing of 700 innocent people I would be forced to absolutely renounce Israel or I would be a hypocrite?
No, I don’t support it. For that, I am told that I am racist and fascist. By the same logic, I’m racist and fascist for not supporting Palestine.

For the record, I support MLK’s nonviolent approach. But no one else does anymore. Violence is justified by saying “fuck around find out” or “it’s okay to punch nazis”.

All the people condemning Palestine’s violent actions support violence for their causes. Including when Israel commits war crimes via collective punishment on non-combatants.
> . If you can show me an Israeli military operation in the last 40 years where the military objective of the operation was the door to door ground search for and execution of hundreds of non-combatants that would change my mind.

The best known of these was Sabra and Shatilla, in which future Israeli Prime Minister Aril Sharon directed Lebanese Phalangists to do exactly this.

> Edit: guys, I don't think he can do that actually

Its amazing how people just learning about the I/P conflict are surprised by this stuff. This is a conflict that has gone on a long time and in which both sides have behaved absolutely horribly. Its only in the past 20 or so years that Israel has managed to gain such an advantage in power that it can start to slowly exterminate the Palestinians, a course of actions which recent events are only going to accelerate.  But rest assured there are no good guys here. Its just all shades of bad.
It’d be funny if it wasn’t, because you are literally letting personal feelings influence your concept of the conflict. You are literally headcanoning an imaginary situation in which Hamas has more powerful weapons and better defenses than Israel. You only find the conflict acceptable as long as Israel rapes Gaza.

Unobjective in the fullest.
Yes, the tiny paramilitary group oppressed their own people, not the gigantic multinational Israeli occupation force that shoots children and laughs about it.
In 2022, that was 1 man, a mentally ill man at that.... this is a different kettle of fish, this is a terrorist organization slaughtering innocent civilians. How can they they cry about oppression and then do this? Mate, keep making excuses. 
You are wrong, you know it.
You just described hamas death squads of a fascist government ethnostate that believe there enemies are actually less than animals and is working towards there extermination
Did I stutter? Palestine isn’t a recognized country by anyone. Therefore, not their land.
He can't because a simple Google search and his entire worldview crumbles.
LOL the Nazi inside u can’t hold back 😂
Then what do you mean "Exactly"
What ever helps you cope with your dislike of the Brits 😂
Israel is the occupying state (as is Russia) and has a highscore in warcrimes. I’ve yet to see them get prosecuted for 1 of them. Just yesterday they admitted to two, targeting civilians and cutting of the electricity. 

I’ve seen this shilling alot recently that Israel should be likened to Ukraine which is laughable. Gaza has been occupied for 75 years in what UN has been described as an open air prison. Israel is Russia on steroids in this conflict.
Kill ‘‘em all and let god sort them out, am I right?
Yeye, dont be part of the israeli military, we know
From what I can tell, they haven't voted in 15 years. Anyone under 33 has never voted for anyone.
"so called victims" holyshit. Just say you're a Nazi and move on
Israel does do the same. You are being testy and delusional at the same time. In the face of all evidence. 

Got it.
[deleted]
It was sarcasm ffs.
A truly shocking and unique historic event
Irrelevant
So the Palestinians didn't own the land, the British did. However there were Palestinians that lived there anyway. The the British decide to give their land to the Jews. The Palestinians get mad saying "You can't do that, we live here!"
[deleted]
*anti-zionist/genociding Palestinian.

The fact that you mistake the two is.. extremely telling
Telling the truth is absolutely *not* antisemitism bro.
The most successful genocide is when onlookers say "why did they do that to themselves?"
Decades of mental gymnastics to justify these things would brainwash anyone into thinking this is fine. TBF, plenty of nations have done it before Israel. It doesn’t mean it’s okay, but it’s hardly a new thing.
Reading comprehension...

I'd bet the attacks succeeded largely because of political reasons. Netanyahu needs a distraction from his corruption while he shoehorns in laws that he can't be prosecuted. He is more than willing to let a few civilians die to unite the country against common enemy.
>You don’t know what genocidal means - and it’s extremely rude to call the only middle eastern democratic government genocidal, especially when it’s Jewish

Exterminating Palestinians is not genocide ? How many inprisoned people need to be killed to call it a genocide?

>But of course the Jews are worse in your book!

Equating judeism with the particular far-right government of Israel is incredibly antisemitic. Jews are people, not a particular right wing government. You take away agency of Jewish people by equating them with those politics.
No, I’m looking at reality and seeing that this was an inevitable consequence of the policies of the Israeli government. There is no justification for murdering civilians, so I hope you have the same stance about “real lives” when Israel inevitably kills countless Palestinian civilians as retribution for the attacks.
I've read it might disqualify the legitimacy of the Palestinian authority. If Hamas opponents are effectively unable to control them they're in violation of the terms that allow their authority
You're misreading the data. What it actually shows is that the "Palestinian leadership" has no concern for the welfare of the "constituents" they're allegedly representing. That callous attitude is the source of suffering for an population that has been used and manipulated by various entities. That's what makes it a total tragedy, instead of being accepted into the arms of their brothers, they're pawns on a board.
Nobody said that humans are good.
A music festival? 
Fuck you very much.
You think this level of destruction is all that Israel is capable of? The IDF does their best to limit casualties to just Hamas. If Hamas were to have proper bases and structures separate from their civilian population this retaliation campaign would have been over in a week.
Israel does not needlessly slaughter civilians nor do they kidnap children, drag them back to their personal hell and rape them repeatedly until they die. What has been done to the Jewish people is nothing short of some of the most sickening acts every committed and the only reason why it hasn't been done to every jewish Israeli in Israel is because Hamas doesn't have the capabilities.
Sorry, missed your question.

No, I wouldn't back a bunch of men that rape, torture and murder other people.

Sadly, Palestinians seem to think the opposite.
You're legit just ignoring everything they say and begging them not to ignore you lol
Mate it’s not really a contentious issue... it’s what happened lol. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_Palestinian_legislative_election

I don’t know what you are seeking? A peer reviewed article on the 2006 West Bank gaza election written in the last 5 years?

Can you find me a source that shows hamas didn’t win the election nor that there was a civil war that resulted that lasted till 2007? 

Cause you have been provided links and your refusal to accept them is unfortunately a you problem.

Or maybe just google West Bank gaza election 2006...
You seriously need to go read up on your world history and understand what the fuck actually happened before Israel ever existed. Your takes are so fucking delusional it hurts. Because it's all sentimental, baseless shit that is so far from the truth it's unbelievable. There's genuinely no reasoning with someone who's either as stupid or ignorant as you if you can truthfully say that you know what the fuck you're talking about and still hold those views. 

And that's not some Israel propaganda bullshit either, that's just straight up historical facts on the back of WWI and WWII. Dunno what to tell you.
Lol dude. Then why was it handed to them if it was already theirs?
I’ve watched a populace be treated as dirt for decades then I’ve watched them become extremists and do terrible things.  Then I’ve watched the oppressors pretend to not know how it all came about.
Show me proof of hamas raping kids and women, or you made that shit up and are a liar. 

Which will it be?
Again, there are news reports of it. Pretty easy to find on google.

Which to me means you're looking to play a game of denying sources. Which is only bolstered by your denying logic. 

Given your comment history I doubt you'd believe it if you saw it first hand.

[I feel like there's a lot of this in you](https://www.instagram.com/p/CyJUJlFxdw9/?igshid=MTc4MmM1YmI2Ng==)
My comment mentioned Hamas because we were talking about them and their behavior. You an check the conversation we had before. I never said nor implied it was exceptional.
If two parties do exactly the same, I’m not going to accept one is a terrorist and the other isn’t. Except what Israel does is far far worse.

Where were you people when Israel was terrorizing Palestinians, now you want to lecture me on right and wrong when it benefits Israel.
I would like to think that Israelis will tar and feather bibi for letting this happen while at the same time going full Gung ho on Gaza.

I would like to think that even the zionists supporting him would not like to use their own people as martyrs to further a cause.
>Bums me out to see overtly complex things like war and land right become simple side a vs side b arguments.

Totally agree. On the same boat mate.
Don't choke on your own bullshit. Wait you definitely already did.
And who won the election in 2006?
Well the population of one side is celebrating that a young woman was raped and killed by Hamas and line up to spit on her mutilated corpse. That same population btw also voted for Hamas in the first place.
"Fake ass list of atrocities" The people in custody are violent insurgents. The are monsters and nothing in the world could justify the sheer demonic brutality of this attack. Worse than ISIS. If you defend it, I hope this happens to every member of your family
Agreed. What has happened does not need to dictate what will be. Peace is possible.
Yeah, dude, 50% of the Palestinian population is under the age 15 and they represent 96% of the deaths in the conflict.

And Israel is the side that is being opressed?

Dude, you're confirming you are a Nazi.
I don’t think painting any entire country with a broad brush is good analysis. I don’t condemn Palestine for the actions of the terrorists any more or less than I do Israel for the actions of the settlers.
You're just sympathizing with terrorists..
That’s not even close to being the same thing. The settlers go there on their own accord and still receive protection by Israel (I’m against the illegal settlements btw). 

This isn’t remotely the same as Hamas, as Gazas government, specifically locating their cells and attack positions in between civilians, schools and hospitals.
You touch on a few interesting points. First a single pager model would greatly reduce cost, as multiple payers create inefficiencies.

Another is tort reform.

Another is scale. 310M vs 10M people.

Then overall obesity rates.

Saying universal drives down cost is a little too simple.
Again, the only side that wants genocide is Hamas. And yeah, I’d have no issue if Israel rids the world of a terrorist group. As for civilians, Israel tends to target military installations, not civilians. They will, in fact, urge civilians to evacuate prior to operations. Unlike Hamas, who targets civilians purposefully, uses human shields, and hides their bases in civilian areas. I’m talking Hamas, not the Palestine civilians, just so we are clear. You know, the group that just committed mass murder of innocents at a concert ffs.
Yes it is better to kill people unintentionally while destroying military hardware than to intentionally massacre them? What sort of question is that?
The IDF absolutely should be more careful, even more so than they already are. Even though the give warnings and messages to buildings about to be bombed, they absolutely could do more to prevent civilian suffering.
>Then, the Jews will hide behind rocks and trees, and the rocks and trees will cry out: 'O Moslem, there is a Jew hiding behind me, come and kill him.

The article specifically mentions Jews multiple times. But it's not even just article 7. It's also article 32:

>Islamic groups all over the Arab world should also do the same, since they are best equipped for their future role in the fight against the warmongering Jews

And a bunch of random obvious antisemitism and conspiracy theories which are common among antisemites:

>The enemies have been scheming for a long time ... and have accumulated huge and influential material wealth. With their money, they took control of the world media... With their money they stirred revolutions in various parts of the globe... They stood behind the French Revolution, the Communist Revolution and most of the revolutions we hear about... With their money they formed secret organizations - such as the Freemasons, Rotary Clubs and the Lions - which are spreading around the world, in order to destroy societies and carry out Zionist interests... They stood behind World War I ... and formed the League of Nations through which they could rule the world. They were behind World War II, through which they made huge financial gains... There is no war going on anywhere without them having their finger in it.

Right in the very beginning of the fuckin thing they say this, about ISRAEL (not about "Zionists")

>Israel will exist and will continue to exist until Islam will obliterate it

They have absolutely no interest in any peaceful solution and they even have an article dedicated to clarifying that, where they say:

>There is no solution for the Palestinian problem except by Jihad.

You can tell yourself they are not actually an antisemitic and religious fundamentalist terrorist organization, and that the west just branded them as such as part of a propaganda campaign...but when their covenant says those things I quoted (among other things) and they go and celebrate the killing of 700 Jewish civilians, disproportionately women, families, and the elderly (NOT a tactical military operation with military targets and militant casualties), you're deluding yourself if you still believe that.
Then you know that they use human shields.

Edit: person above commented below asking for sources, before deleting it, so here's a list of ones I compiled.

[nato](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&opi=89978449&url=https://stratcomcoe.org/cuploads/pfiles/hamas_human_shields.pdf&ved=2ahUKEwiIptW9-OiBAxVxVaQEHaWfB2wQFnoECBcQAQ&usg=AOvVaw078V9t3xWPW7EhHdTtOcv3)

[idf](https://www.idf.il/en/mini-sites/hamas/hamas-caught-using-human-shields-in-gaza/)

[idf on combat manual](https://www.idf.il/en/mini-sites/hamas/captured-hamas-combat-manual-explains-benefits-of-human-shields/)

[FDD](https://www.fdd.org/analysis/2021/06/23/hold-hamas-accountable-for-human-shields-use-during-the-may-2021-gaza-war/)

[UN](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&opi=89978449&url=https://www.un.org/unispal/wp-content/uploads/2021/06/AHRC47NGO72_250621.pdf&ved=2ahUKEwiIptW9-OiBAxVxVaQEHaWfB2wQFnoECBsQAQ&usg=AOvVaw1r6cM98dyDQpymbvqOQ4oI)

[UN](https://www.un.org/unispal/document/auto-insert-182027/)

[Once again today - now using Israeli civilians as human shields](https://www.israelnationalnews.com/news/378122)

[Channel 4](https://www.channel4.com/news/factcheck/factcheck-hamas-civilians-human-shields)

[palwatch - Fatah claims](https://palwatch.org/page/29206)
Israel just shoots kids for throwing rocks regularly. That's why all over the Gaza strip there are memorials for kids. Get over yourself bud. Israel is not as innocent as you donkeys believe
It looks like you shared an AMP link. These should load faster, but AMP is controversial because of [concerns over privacy and the Open Web](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot).

Maybe check out **the canonical page** instead: **[https://www.timesofisrael.com/unrwa-condemns-subterranean-opening-found-beneath-gaza-school/](https://www.timesofisrael.com/unrwa-condemns-subterranean-opening-found-beneath-gaza-school/)**

*****

 ^(I'm a bot | )[^(Why & About)](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot)^( | )[^(Summon: u/AmputatorBot)](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/cchly3/you_can_now_summon_amputatorbot/)
The part where it happens by mistake.
I think you replied to the wrong guy...not my quote
You are a sick human being along with the rest of zionists.
Most people consider not being a fascist a good enough reason to not give cover to fascist actions.
It's amazing how well Israel can block arms shipments by blocking grain shipments.

Israel is a terrorist nation. Hamas is a terrorist organization. What's the difference? Every single Israeli is conscripted into the military and taught the terroristic methods. Only those who actively seek out membership in Hamas engage in the terrorism.

There was a 5-day stretch in 2021 where Israel murdered eight Palestinian children a day, and it later became clear that that was intentional not collateral.
I like how you refuted the facts and figures just by spewing the same buzzwords.
Yeah because dipshits like you keep spewing the same bullshit while my friends and relatives are trying not to get murdered.
The kingdom of Israel was Jewish, yes, but the modern state of Israel is no more clear a direct descendant of the kingdom of Israel than modern Greece is a continuation of the Byzantine Empire, or modern Austria is a continuation of the Habsburg empire - frankly i could and should be going back even further, but you get the point. For starters, who's the king of Israel today? Palestinians didn't have a state before states existed but absolutely there are Palestinians who descend from inhabitants of the local region
Which is basically bar for bar what the british have done but a bit more "modernised"
True I’m just talking current poster boy.
And how did that apartheid end?

Peacefully?
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=MknerYjob0w

Here you go. Definition of apartheid and why Israel meets these conditions and therefore is an apartheid state. 

Period.
Where are you pulling "The New York Times" out of your hat?  Oh, you're just trying to be smarmy, but you're really bad at it.
As long has Hamas continues terrorising, Gaza will remain locked up. That's what happens when you vote in a terrorist organisation into government.
One side has all the power in the relationship.

One side could end it tomorrow by not being an invading occupying force. People will fight if you take their homes.

Don’t take their homes.

Don’t support countries that invade and instigate.
Compared to western nations they were still in very precarious situations. Neither had the population or the economic power to support refugees and when people offer alternatives people will go for them.
blockade isnt a war crime

edit: and you made it seem like the election of a terrorist org to lead the country was after the blockade
I don't disagree with your proposal, but the Palestinians are against the one state option. Even the majority tend to oppose the two state option so peace is complicated when the other side are not open to compromise.
I can accept both sides being shit but at the same time I can’t really fault the Israeli response to the massacre this weekend

Like I can look at history, understand why the conflict in the region is the way it is, and wish that things had been done differently. But at the end of the day there has been a heinous attack killing not just Israeli civilians but foreigners who literally have nothing to do with the injustices at all, and this merits a response. I’m not gonna bash Israel for rolling into Gaza guns blazing when if it were my country and my friends and family being killed, kidnapped and raped, I’d also be calling for action
Yes, it is bad when either Israel or Hamas commits crimes against humanity. I'm not going to sit here and say that "I get why they do it" because I'm not a terrorist sympathiser.
There's a difference between being anti-imperialism and being an extremist. Gandhi was adamantly anti-imperialism, but he didn't just go off and start slaughtering innocent British civilians. The fact that you can't even differentiate between the two is honestly sad. Supporting the slaughter of Innocents in any capacity is evil. Civilians should never be made to pay for the decisions of those in power. Have fun with the miserable life of being a wannabe terrorist.
Palestinians exist because they have been living there for thousands of years, a good part of them were likley jewish and other religions in the past ...

you know what, just read my comments again, but you're obviously trolling and have no counter argument.
I don't think Israel should be committing genocide, I don't even think Israel should exist, but their actions are understandable in their geopolitical situation, you will become paranoid if all your neighbours constantly want to exterminate you.
So you want Israel to unilaterally enforce a certain plan?
There have been many attempts to draw up agreements where, honestly, Palestinians were offered far more than they had won or will win, but they turned them down.
No, it’s because the Palestinians constantly 
Attack their neighbors. Ask Jordan and Lebanon how helping Palestinians has worked for them historically.
Then what does Israel want with Gaza?
Who wrote the article dipshit.
No one expects the West to treat theocratic fascists like a liberal democracy. Israel wants to lean into theocratic fascism without being criticized for it.

Can't have that cake and also eat it.
Israel agreed to the original 47 partition which gave Palestine much more land then they should have. Guessed who disagreed? But of course the woke thing to do is demonize the only funcutional democracy in the Middle East for defending itself from savage terrorists
I don’t have anything to prove but I’m literally laughing reading this. I am a Palestinian with a family tree from Jerusalem that spans generations that can be traced back to a period of more than 600 years ago. (Israel wasn’t a thing back then believe it or not and Jewish, Christian and Muslim Palestinians all lived together in peace and harmony).

I have family that have been kicked out of their homes. I guess I don’t know anything though right?
[deleted]
I am referring to the [ethnic cleansing of Palestinians in 1948](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nakba) and the subsequent [occupation of Palestinian territory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israeli_occupation_of_the_West_Bank), illegal under international law.
Lmao you're literally just trolling now aren't you
Note: the source of this report is NATO, so it's possible that it's biased.  [But yes, Hamas uses their own civilians as human shields.](https://stratcomcoe.org/cuploads/pfiles/hamas_human_shields.pdf)

They've allegedly announced that they plan on using civilians captured in these recent attacks as human shields.  Edit: And given the current attacks by Israel on the tunnel networks in Gaza, it's likely that a lot of these civilians are already dead, either as collateral damage in the attacks or intentionally by Hamas as payback (not to mention, the collateral damage to the Palestinian civilians on the surface)....it's all awful. End Edit.

It's awful that there will be additional civilian casualties, and Israel is not remotely innocent in this entire conflict, but it's my understanding that there is a consistent history of them trying to minimize collateral damage to civilians by their side, while Hamas intentionally does damage to the civilians in Israel and encourages collateral damage on their own side.
What if your family could have been killed and you know they'll do it again and you can target the people who did it or the weapons they used to prevent that? If you're of the all violence is wrong school of mind I can respect that. I'm just not that way.
>  It’s also kinda strange how you don’t question why they need to gun down people throwing rocks

People will do almost anything for freedom from oppression
My point was that they \*don't\* gun down (kill) people throwing rocks at them. They disperse them using the non lethal methods. So these people end up in hospital (bad) rather than in a graveyard (worse).

If those people, contrary to the logic, weren't throwing rocks at an army they wouldn't be counted as massive casualties. So it's their inefficient and illogical behaviour that blows up the numbers out of the propertion. Many people get hurt en-mass because they acted violently and illogically.

I'm pretty sure the Israeli don't want to shoot these bullets. Even rubber bullets cost money and wounded make bad PR. But I imagine they do it to deescalate the situation (stop the angry crowd throwing rocks), because if they wanted the opposite - they have better ways of doing so. 

Whether the crowd has good reasons for being angry, is not relevant to the discussion. What the numbers tell is that Israelis dealt with mass unrest while trying to avoid escalation and reduce the human cost.   

I'm not naive in thinking that external, mostly western, perception didn't play a  role in Israeli tactics. But I think after recent event the tactics is going to change drastically and the lead will replace the rubber.
Took a while to find where you lifted those numbers by and you're not even giving exact numbers, and you're ignoring many factors.


First of all those numbers you pooled were from the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs between the dates September 2000, and July 2007. So similar to the above you are missing everything leading up to 2000 and post 2007. But that aside, the numbers are 59% Palestinian, and 69% Israeli civilian casualties, giving a 41% and 31% combatant respectively.

This time period only covers 2 years since Israel's withdrawal from Gaza, and the children are explained by human shields, something that was practiced heavily by Palestinians and never by Israelis. Also this doesn't say who killed the civilians, many deaths have also been caused by Palestinians to themselves. When they shoot unguided rockets many fall right back down into Gaza, or land on Israeli Palestinian homes in addition to Israeli Palestinian homes. Meanwhile every Israeli missile is guided and is not going aimlessly on civilians.

When schools, and hospitals are used to store and launch weapons, this is called human shields and is intentionally sacrificing their own children to try and win pity points, or to deter our retaliation.

And once again, the ratio matters more than the numbers. If you'd look purely on the combatant side of things you'd see that we have a more successful military. Which is reflected in the war and operation results. Civilian casualties cannot be avoided in Urban warfare, and winning sides will always have lower number of casualties, both civilian and combatant. Which is all reflected by the data.

Do they have the short end of the stick? Yes. It's unfortunate that their own people disregard their lives so heavily, even their terror stabbings target indescrimenately also injuring and murdering innocent Palestinians. But if you see the instigator of every period of conflict, where Hamas starts off shooting unguided missiles, this is on them. We cannot sit back and let them continue targeting our civilians. Or even our soldiers. No country would allow that and we are no exception.
Little update: https://www.memri.org/reports/hamas-and-palestinian-islamic-jihad-gaza-strip-residents-do-not-evacuate-areas-about-be

This has been their methodology for years.
You need to realize that you're interacting with *real people* here. Whenever people don't do this enough IRL, they forget that people can actually have unique, nuanced views.

Like you, for example, saw that I made fun of you. So you're instantly like "oh yeah, I know this guy's political views. I know everything he believes. He's the exact dumb demographic.". Do you do this to everyone you meet? Because it's delusional and a pretty neat sign of general lack of intelligence.

Anyway, no, I'm not really a fan of the war on terror. Like many other invasions, the politicians say one reason, but the real reason lies behind closed doors. Fighting terrorists and "defense by offense" is what needed to be said to sell the American populace on it.

But, I am also capable of nuanced views. I'm not a retard that thinks we should just dismantle our military and become a pacifist, or become a fully isolationist country just because the military wants money and oil. Maybe one day you'll come to realize that life is painfully unideal and you need compromise. For example, Ukraine does need support. They're not invading Russia trying to secure power. It's defending their territory from a notoriously imperalistic power. There's little more honest and pure than defending your sovereign nation from an invading force. Unless you're going to start insulting Vietnam from getting aid during the U.S invasion, lol.

You don't stop imperialism by asking nicely. Nations which get invaded do often need help because it's a military conflict, not a social disagreement. Whatever views you have, perhaps the one sole moral purpose of any military is providing help to nations who are actually under attack. And if you're against this, well, chances are you're against the sovereignty of that nation instead of anything to do with military power vacuums.
In that particular conflict, yes they’re contributing to something that is a moral net positive
 250 dead at a God damn music festival and all you can do is laugh and support these terrorists. 

Disgusting.
Israel wants a peaceful resolution. Palestine wants to genocide Israelis
Why would I say that? That's fucked, bro.
Im saying, it literally does not matter if OP posted it for “propaganda purposes”. It’s true, and should be considered. No one is being “effected by propaganda” by considering that way more Palestinians have died than Israelis. 

When Israeli media reported on the deaths form Hamas, is this propaganda? Should we just consider any Israeli information propaganda? No. If it’s true information it should be considered. 

By saying this is “Palestinian propaganda” you are urging people to ignore the vary important fact that over 10x more Palestinians have died than Israelis since 2008, and significantly more in earlier decades.

You view the world in such a warped way you refuse to even read real information if you feel like it might change your mind, moron 

Edit: he literally blocked me because he refuses to read information he doesn’t like…
Literally more than tens of thousands died in their first invasion and ethnic cleansing, nakba.
Can't argue with you if you deny science. Sorry.

A quick read on this, with new archeology techniques would suffice, but science deniers are unbearable.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historical_Jesus#:~:text=Historical%20Jesus%20scholars%20typically%20contend,and%20not%20apocalyptic%20in%20nature.
Yup
You guys are trying to make peace since forever, and always failing. And I'm the one delusional here lol.
>It's a standard siege. Won't kill any hostages

I didn't know everyone inside Gaza except Hamas learned to survive without food and water, you fucking imbecile.
Right, so you think it's normal a colonial empire decided to create a state out of thin air for a specific population and tell the others to accept or fuck off, because one of these populations was allegedely there for a few more centuries than the other ? That's complete bullshit.
[deleted]
[deleted]
And your justifying the murder of 10000 of people, Both sides suck.
I can't stop you from being proud of being weak
Cope terrorist simp, time for a one state solution
You can strawman my position if you like, but your arguments ring hollow as you do. I'm supporting indigenous victims of colonization taking back thier homeland. "Expelling people from their land based on ethnicity"? Give me a fucking break, its expelling COLONIZERS from the land which they stole through incredible violence. 

You dense motherfucker, again, the Germans were perpetrators of violence in the area and were not native to the land. It was not originally home to ethnic Germans. It was home for Old Prussians, Baltic tribes, unrelated to Germans. It was conquered by German-speaking Teutonic Order and became part of their state, then evolved to a secular country which was named just “Prussia”. Poland was the peaceful inheritor of the dissolution of that state. So no, my position would not argue for part of Poland "returning" to Germany because it never belonged to ethnic Germans, and you are the only one falsely arguing for the validity of the Nazi's claim of ethnic Germans in the area. I get it, you *genuinely* think there were native ethnic Germans there- let me make this clear- that is an idea created by the Nazis as false pretext.
73.5% Jewish majority & like, explicitly created as a Jewish state
Ever been to Israel?  Do you know any Israelis?
No I condemn both. As everyone should. Civilians should never be targeted.
It's proving that, despite your implications that this is a war between equals, the obviously force is happy to kill for any excuse. The Hamas invasion IS a good excuse, but Israel doesn't usually rely on something like that. As the numbers indicate.
Relative strength and economics is what I was emulating. What's more, Palestine doesn't have anything like iron dome, so every Israeli counter measure, as the graph indicates is dramatically more effective. 

All in all, it's a bit like when Americans were slaughtering civilians in the middle east because they had to protect themselves from a bunch of goat farmers hiding in caves using guerilla tactics because open confrontation is impossible due to the disparity in power. Disproportionate response in only making things worse. The graph clearly indicates that one side is far better at slaughtering innocents than the other. In the end however it's regular people paying the price.
Would America invading Cuba with no quarter be an acceptable response for.... damn near anything?
Oh, so, you can't read then.

Just ping me a reply tomorrow when you find some of your sources. You know, the journalists, academics and historians that have helped you ground your opinions... and not just vacuous established media nonsense you're regurgitating because you're an imbecile.

By the way, Ilan Pappé, Frank Barat, Noam Chomsky, Norman Finkelstein, shit... even Benny Morris.

Read them, read them as soon as possible, because you are doing damage with your pathetic media parroting. You're clueless, but you can form legible sentences, it's not too late.
I'm just confused by your comment because it seems rather unorthodox to suggest that any nation should simply allow rockets to consistently be shot at them.
so you would risk your children get shot? Thats admirable. Cant say many people would do that
No one is condemned to live in ignorance. I just said that the only reason you became concerned is due to your own mental bias. If you had seen a headline about some conflict in Africa or the rest of the middle east, you would scroll past it not sparring a thought. 

My only point is that arguing over spectacles, rather than the nuance surrounding them, is not only fruitless - but playing in to the flippant and reactionary human nature that any military/institutional power relies on. I am sorry that I argued with you in this manner, I expected Zionist apologia rather than an attempt at genuine discourse.
Tell me how I’m wrong. Israel has not attempted to wipe out the Palestinians. They easily could. Palestine has attempted to wipe out the Israelis. 

Damn, you support not only a terrorist state, but one actively committing genocide? You’re a fucked up dude huh.
Ok. Bottom line it’s a shit storm. Israel can’t just back down now, it will be a massacre if they will.
Sure. Keep swallowing that western propoganda dick.. remember hamas bad, israel good.
When it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck.
Yes, you really, really should. https://www.gchq.gov.uk/information/palestine-mandate#
Thank you, yourself! 

The best we can do, if we really care about this issue is to be as openminded as we can. I'm gonna be honest with you, I have a real problem trying to quantify one terrorist attack vs another. If we say, israelians are less religious comparetively, is a missile on a synagogue as bad as a missile against a mosque?

This conflict is extremely complex, like, even with my political beliefs, there are sometimes places where my knee-jerk political belief might hold me in one way, but my maybe increasing religious /spiritual ideas might clash. Another day, I might have a completely different view on a particular incident because I felt more religious that day (I'm agnostic though, but I do like to read all kind of religious texts to kinda understand people better)
I don't care what antisemites think, so I'm done talking with you.
Boringggg
"Ed" seems to think proclaiming yourself and your apartheid state Jewish makes you Jewish, even if you follow the teaching of hitler more than the Torah.

Ed is a moron and danger to democracies worldwide.
Apparently you didn’t think anyone would condemn Palestinians raping, torturing, and killing Israelis.
>This was hundreds of years ago 

then in some 23ish years it won't matter anymore that israel exists. nice. we can then say it was a hundret years ago, get over it.
They are not propaganda accounts, they are extremely subjective and (sub)consciously racist people who believe they are very intelligent.
I don't think Palestinians are being genocided as their population increases constantly. I support whatever measures Israel has taken and will take to protect itself from its terrorist neighbor
Jews were there before Palestinians. The Palestinians who lost their homes with the creation of Israel took those homes from Jewish Israelis in the first place. So no, I don't give a fuck about them, and I don't know who gave you the idea that they were Palestinians homes in the first place.
Yep, that's the kind of attitude that would support genocide. This one right here officer.
So because the deal wasn't totally fair, you think it justifies Palestine trying to finish the Holocaust. Great logic.
Real world answer? Accept a two state solution that was rejected by Palestinians. Right or wrong Israel isn’t evaporating, and since you ostensibly care about their oppression under Israel, having sovereign rule would achieve that. But let’s say for whatever reason you’ll give that won’t work, terrorism will make Israel just pack its bags up and go home? I’m not going to further respond until you answer that direct question
Not reading all of that, go take your meds psycho
How? I am just saying that it's an asymmetrical war, I am saying one side has more resources to defend itself than the other.  These are facts, you even said it yourself in a previous comment
 Good thing that tiny paramilitary group had such poor optics that now the entire world is against them so they cant use excuses to play victim anymore then right? xD
Lol the rest of the world doesn’t even recognize Gaza as a state and Hamas isn’t an ethnostate and fightinga war of liberation which carries fundamentally different ethics than one based on domination and oppression like Israel has been doing for 80 years. Or is that violence is wrong even in self defense meaning I assume it’s of Ukraine to be fighting back against Russia right? Fighting back against oppression is wrong because violence is wrong? Or is it just when your favorite media source tells you so?
That’s an interesting take.
[deleted]
you can bring civilization to britain but you can't bring britons to civilization
[https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20230316-hamas-sent-high-level-delegation-to-moscow-at-russias-invitation/](https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20230316-hamas-sent-high-level-delegation-to-moscow-at-russias-invitation/) \- HAMAS is welcome in Moscow.

\> cutting of the electricity

They declared a war to the state, it's not a war crime to cut it from electricity.

\> highscore in warcrimes

Bucha, Irpin and Mariupol were acts of pure invasion massacre. Did Israel act in pure invasion, or in response to actions like these?

In fact, Russia uses the same rhetoric towards Ukraine (as HAMAS towards Israel): some despicable jerks created an artificial state on territories, originally belonging to the "right people" hence these jerks should be pushed to the sea.
No, but nice try at putting words in my mouth.
> Anyone under 33 has never voted for anyone.

And a informative stat about gaza is that the average age is 18. Most people there have grown up in a massive open air prison.
>Anyone under 33 has never voted for anyone.

The folks that were committing mass shootings at raves and paragliding in to kidnap women and rape them weren't old. I think we know who they'd vote for.
Terrorist sympathizer calls me a Nazi. Cute.
Ok that’s fine but not realistic. The Israelis are as likely to give up their claim as the Palestinians.
You can’t compare Israel - the only democratic country in the whole Middle East, and the only one where human rights actually exists - to a terrorist group.
Yeah it usually sounds like that. You’re doing what people have been doing for centuries and try to mask your antisemitism by changing its name or talking around the issue. Just admit you don’t like Jews, after all you support a terrorist group that stands for exactly that.
You sound like a German 30s propaganda poster.
We did it too..
TR was utterly unbothered by the thousands of civilian fatalities in the Philippine War, as he considered them 'unsaved savages'...
Genocide has a definition you know: "acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group." 

Sooo exactly, literally, 100% what Hamas is doing. You know the group that the Palestinians chose to run Gaza. 

Israel and the Jews are intrinsically connected, which you would understand if you had the ability to see the world a bit more nuanced. 

It’s not as black and white as you try to put it.
So you can't admit these are war crimes and barbaric acts unless I first apologize for Israel. You are an enemy of the west and an enemy of the Jewish people. Good night.
So a lose lose situation all around for the Palestinian people from the rest of the world's perspective. But a win win directly from the Palestinian perspective.
War is not good, what did Hamas expect? 
Coffee and baklava?
I see you are emotional attached and unable to hold a conversation. Again read what I wrote and come up woth an argument.
Hint: I didn't say whether what Hamas did is reasonable or not.
Israel has all the cutting edge tools of war.  IDF chooses not to limit casualties to just Hamas.

Why do you think Hamas should have proper bases and structures separate from their civilian population?  Gaza isn't a country: Israel has made sure it couldn't become one.  Depending on your point of view, it is an occupied territory, an open air prison camp, or a concentration camp.  It's about half the geographic size of the city of Toronto, with almost twice the population.

Where would they put such structures in what is perhaps the most densely populated place on earth?

It's residents have been denied self determination. Their supposed government has no more autonomy (and likely much less) than the Vichy French did under WWII Nazi occupation. The people have no choice.

Why would Israel allow them to build and arm a conventional army?  They put children in jail for throwing rocks.  And of course, Palestinians can only build new homes with permission from Israel.  If they don't wait (as such permissions are few and far between), houses built without permission are bulldozed.

The "human shield" accusation is bizarre when one considers the Palestinians have little choice, but the state of Israel-- with all the choice it wants-- has chosen to deliberately integrate its military installations with civilian infrastructure, as explained in "This is how Israel uses its own people as human shields" [https://www.trtworld.com/magazine/this-is-how-israel-uses-its-own-people-as-human-shields-47231](https://www.trtworld.com/magazine/this-is-how-israel-uses-its-own-people-as-human-shields-47231">This).
This is willingful ignorance. Israel is an apartheid state that is currently engaged in ethnic cleansing. It doesn't justify Hamas' attacks. But, Israel has consistently been committing war crimes and violating the human rights of Palestinians for decades.  They needless murder children all the time and it doesn't get reported. The jewish people's history does not justify what Israel is doing. Educate yourself.
You've again not answered my question. I'm starting to feel like you realize that the only other option is "accept your oppression and death".

I asked what you *would* do in their position. It's, again, very easy to morally grandstand from your place of safety and privilege.

Thank you for conceding to my other point, very mature of you. 

I wish you growth in the years to come.
>You seriously need to go read up on your world history and understand what the fuck actually happened before Israel ever existed

Shooting kids and bombing hospitals bad.

No historical claim to land makes that ok.
Same reason that the Palestinians got handed land there...
I've already told you I did a simple google search and found nothing. "Hamas rape" searched over the last week turns up nothing. 

I find it quite comical you are willing to take the time to go over my comment history but unwilling to provide what you claim to be something easily googleable.
Sad that I have a more coherent ideology than you despite choking.
Fake list of atrocities from the UN Human Rights Council?

[Here is the full finding](https://www.ohchr.org/sites/default/files/documents/hrbodies/hrcouncil/sessions-regular/session53/advance-versions/A_HRC_53_59_AdvanceUneditedVersion.pdf)

Summary  
In the present report, the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Palestinian territories occupied since 1967, Francesca Albanese, finds that arbitrary and deliberate ill-treatment is inflicted upon the Palestinians not only through unlawful practices in detention but also as a carceral continuum comprised of techniques of large-scale confinement -physical, bureaucratic, digital- beyond detention. These violations may amount to international crimes prosecutable under the Rome Statute of the International Criminal  
Court and universal jurisdiction. Israel’s occupation has been a tool of settler colonial conquest also through intensifying methods of confinement against an entire people who – as any people would – continuously rebel against their prison wardens.

&#x200B;

So it sounds like you are cool with your side committing acts of violence and human rights violations, but when it negatively affects you it is suddenly a bad thing.

I wish nothing but safety for you and yours, but how would I even know if not?  For you to even say that at the end shows the kind of mentality you have towards others.  Could be a moment to step back and not be overly irrational.
Im not my links are to show the horrors of what Israel is doing for those dumb enough to not google israel apartheid or abuse or war crimes
How am I painting a broad brush? Huh?

Do political entities not act with goals? What?
It is completely fair to paint a settler colony ethnically cleansing people from their homes with a broad brush
Looking at this graph, the history, & the numbers, no. I'm not.

You are.
The Gaza Strip is 140 square miles stuffed with 2 million fucking people who *cannot leave.*

Where. Where are they meant to put their cells. Civilians die in confrontations with Israel *because it is Israel's policy that there is nowhere for them to legally evacuate to.*
Agreed. It's why I'm all for added regulation on the medical industry here in the US, cause you really need that plus universal healthcare to get results, but you also need to clean up the few existing systems. Every single version of the VA has ended up a mess, and the state most affected by that (US military is disproportionately rural at about 50% iirc) are the ones quicker to disagree with it. It's definitely a whole mess for sure.
You're about as bright as a three watt. I'm not supporting Hamas you ignorant fuck. I'm asking why that graph above didn't bother you at all. And TRYING to draw your attention to your very clear biases have fun in the world you clearly want. Love Bibi.
Because then hamas could also do the same and claimed that the 200 people they killed is also colliteral. So then you would excuse hamas as well?
Again with insults. You find that that helps you make a case? Cause I find it disrespectful when debating. Whatever, I never said Israel has no fault in the state of things. I am stating that Israel never celebrated rape, hostage taking or shooting into civilian crowds. For whatever reason you are simply refusing to acknowledge what just happened, while I'm capable of admitting that mistakes happen, somehow rape and slaughter of innocents never did.
Well, I mean there have been cases where it wasn't, and people were punished for it.

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/21/world/middleeast/elor-azaria-israel-sentence.html#:~:text=For%20this%2C%20a%20military%20judicial,Israeli%20and%20Israelis%20among%20themselves. 

It is not hidden. Can you show me a similar thing on Hamas side? Do you think those people who took children hostage will be persecuted?
No I replied correctly.
That’s fine, I’ve heard worse. Someday you’ll look back at these times and understand you were on the wrong side of history.
calling a fascist nation murderers is supporting them, got it
Typical. Gazans attack Jews but Jews are the terrorists... Because Jews defend themselves and want to prevent terror...of course, we Jews are automatically terrorists if we defend ourselves against terror.

Of course you are lying about Israel deliberately murdering children. Disgusting. Children are only killed because these Hazan terrorists operate within civilian areas. There are hundreds of thousand of Muslim Arab children within Israel borders, on Israeli streets, in Israeli malls. If they would be scared of Israeli Jews they wouldn't mix with Israelis.
...yes? like de klerk and mandela won a shared nobel peace prize for ending it peacefully. not sure what you're trying to say here
Your only argument is it’s not a good publication because it has Israel in the name. That’s not an argument

Edit 

Let alone you were wrong yet you brushed it off for some reason
> blockade isnt a war crime

Cutting off electricity to entire regions in retaliation is a war crime.  Settling occupied lands is a war crime.  Communal punishment is a war crime. There are plenty of was crimes by Israel, but you've decided that Israel good, Hamas bad.  I on the other side think that Israel bad, Hamas bad. 

> you made it seem like the election of a terrorist org to lead the country was after the blockade

You still seem to hold all Palestinians responsible for their elected government, but don't hold all Israeli citizens responsible for their elected government.  I'd still like to know why you have a double standard here.
when you oppress people for 80 years and treat them like garbage they're gonna resent you and won't want to live with you

put yourself in their place, it's easy to talk about peace from a privileged place, but palestinians have never known peace a single day in their life for the past 80 years
I don't think they should go on "guns blazing", but there must be a response. 

Having a knee jerk sledgehammer reaction will not help, but it is likely what will happen because of the charged situation. At this point they are not even responding, they are containing the threat and eliminating future threats. 

How they handle the next few weeks or months is the more worrisome part. If they invade and occupy Gaza city again it will not help anyone, but honestly I don't see what other choice they would have.

There are no good choices and people will die in large numbers as a result.
But you are an occupation/apartheid sympathizer

Which might be even worse
So much has been written about not only what you're saying but why people like you, meaning people whose class interests align with imperialism, say it that I'm just going to copy and paste whole texts from here on out. After this, let me know if you want to read detailed descriptions of liberal non-violence's function for imperialism.

>The Truth about Gandhi and the Quit India Movement by Markandey Katju   
>  
>Much is being made of the Quit India Movement launched by Gandhi on 8th August 1942, and it is being claimed by some that it shook the foundation of British colonial rule in India.   
>  
>The truth is that it fizzled out within a few hours of Gandhi's speech when all Congress leaders were arrested, and remained behind bars till the end of the Second World War.  
>  
>A real Independence struggle is always an armed struggle, because no foreign ruler gives up his rule peacefully. Did the Americans get Independence from Great Britain by offering flowers and bouquets to the British, or by raising a Continental army under George Washington to fight British troops ? Did Simon Bolivar get independence for South American countries from Spanish rule by salt marches or by raising battalions ? Did Ho Chi Minh get independence for Vietnam by satyagraha ?   
>  
>The real fighters for India's freedom were Bhagat Singh, Surya Sen, Chandrashekhar Azad, Bismil, Ashfaqulla, Sukhdev, Rajguru, Khudiram Bose etc but they are often regarded as mavericks and have been sidelined, and their names appear only in the footnotes of our history books. Instead, that cunning British agent Gandhi is described as the 'Father of the Nation'.  
>  
>Some people say that Gandhi got us freedom. This is totally false. Can anyone seriously believe that the British would have left their Empire in India because of Gandhi's fasts ?  
>  
>The British left India because in the Second World War they were considerably weakened by the Germans, and so they had to appeal for American help, and this help came with strings attached. The Americans insisted that the British open up the Indian economy for American investments too, instead of keeping it as their sole fiefdom. This is the truth about Independence. It has nothing to do with Gandhi
[deleted]
Removing their invading army and returning stolen land back would be the best first move.
None of those agreements involved returning the stolen land.

Agreement or none. Israel should be condemned for their violent occupation.
Then go ahead and criticize their government. That has little to do with zionism and is a naive outlook given the history of Jews and fascism.

Jews are an ethnic group too. Just because it's also a religious group, doesn't make Israel theocratic. Actually if you look at the Hamas charter, you'll see they actually base a lot of governing systems on Islamic beliefs much like other middle eastern countries. Also they wanna kill Jews and take land they think they have a natural right to given their race/ ethnicity. Wow, sure sounds like one group thinks Hitler might have been right (it's Hamas) and the other group has good reason to be scared (it's Israel, you know cause the holocaust).
You can tell you’re a horrible person for using woke as an insult.  Woke means “alert to racial prejudice and discrimination”.  No surprise that someone backing Israel sees that a bad thing.
Absolute nonsense, they lived under the rule of ottomans and the British and the DAY that the British left in 1948, the Palestinians engaged in a full scale attack on kibbutzim and Tel Aviv to kill the Jews currently living there and take power before the new state could be fully established.

Yes, I'm now even more certain you don't know anything.
There won't be if people like you can't stop justifying the execution of children :)
Oh, you mean when their countries told them to evacuate so that they could push the jews into the sea? Yknow, during the invasions and all? Oh, but wait, every Israeli is a murderer and a rapist, right? Go f yourself
Actually, legit I was talking about my own comments, so they wouldn’t be misconstrued as I am defending them.
That’s disgusting, but not entirely unexpected…
I would move my family the fuck away. I can justify violence when someone was killed. But preemptive strikes are a slippery slope. Soon enough you’ll be acting like American cops who see a gun in everyone hand and shoot before they think.
>My point was that they *don't* gun down (kill) people throwing rocks at them. They disperse them using the non lethal methods. So these people end up in hospital (bad) rather than in a graveyard (worse).

That runs contrary to what you said previously and what you argue here

>If those people, contrary to the logic, weren't throwing rocks at an army they wouldn't be counted as massive casualties. So it's their inefficient and illogical behaviour that blows up the numbers out of the propertion. Many people get hurt en-mass because they acted violently and illogically.

So if they aren’t killing people for throwing rocks why make this argument and regardless why is your focus on people acting illogical rather than you know the fact that isreal is killing people who pose no danger to them

>Whether the crowd has good reasons for being angry, is not relevant to the discussion. What the numbers tell is that Israelis dealt with mass unrest while trying to avoid escalation and reduce the human cost.

No it doesn’t at all it tells us that for every one dead or injured Israeli there are like a hundred palestinians
Yes.  War is always good.
Oh and this new supporting Israel thing with the $8 billion.  That's also the morally correct thing to do.

The MIC under Biden is just batting 1,000!
You are not helping your cause.

It is a fact that Israel has killed far more Palestinians than vice-versa. 

Calling this person a terrorist sympathizer for pointing that out makes all of us Jews look bad.
You’re a fucking idiot
A news broadcast about current events being put out daily is just reporting information. A post on a CoolGuides sub right after a massive attack on the Civilian population in Israel by Palistinians is meant to manipulate you. 

The fact you don't understand that is frankly worrying but again keep telling me how "important" this one single statistic is. 

Maybe I should post a cool flowchart of what has happened historically in Lebanon and Kawait when those countries tried taking in Palestinian refugees? Surely since I would be posting only true information and facts that wouldn't be propaganda.

Grow up and analyze you information in a dispassionate manner please stop mindlessly cheering on a side you support only because you have likely absorbed years of cherry picked information about this conflict.

Anyways I see no point in continuing this conversation since you want to change the definition of words because you don't want to be confronted with an uncomfortable truth about how you view the world.
Again, actual *proof*?
You haven't provided any science,you've just made a claim that you're too ill-informed to back up
That doesn't say anything about proof,it is an opinion from SOME scholars with no evidence, on fucking WIKIPEDIA 🤣
And he still chose not to Worship him,right ?
You idiot. Hostages are valuable to Hamas so they will keep them alive if they have any sense. Basic shit. Can't believe you are so stupid.
The Palestinians never had claim to the land. The land was disputed for hundreds of years. And yes, the League of Nations gave them that right. The Arabs even accepted before turning on the Jews almost instantly because they hate Jews that fuckin much. 

You think it is fair to allow Muslims to ethnically cleanse so many Jews that they had to flee and to you they just to keep that land? News flash dumbass, the Muslims were the colonizers first. 

I guess your solution must be to simply kill all of the Jews?
> Fuck if I'm ever voting for anyone who supports Israel.

I'm curious to see how empty your ballot will look next election. I hope you find the strength to vote based on other issues as well.
If your military is stupid enough to keep attacking a superior army who beat you every conflict, then I question your sanity.
Oh common, is that too hard to blame both ?
What is your response to Palestinians murdering a raping 260+ completely unaffiliated civilians yesterday? You only seem to want to downplay it.

Let me guess, you think thats the “penalty for Israeli warcrimes” or something.
Says the person talking shit about Israelis defending themselves from terrorists from the safety of their armchair lmao

Don’t expect brownie points for supporting a people that would probably kill you just based on your values buddy
Iam not sure if you have noticed but Israel is definitely not a peaceful Inheritor of that land. It was founded on the expelleing of 600k-1million Palestinians. Actially a similar case for poland or my home country of czechia after ww2. Also the arabs conquered it from the romans who had expelled to jews before. So its not like on the arabs that the area wasnt a jewsish dominated area up untill now. 

See how you can make all sorts of convoluted arguments for Land claims based on history and ethnicity? That why we dont do this anymore and the international community as a whole doesnt tolerate this kind of Rethoric. With one obvious exemption of course.
And?
I know a former Israeli yes. And they are against the actions of their government as are a huge amount of Israelis currently living there.
I’m not very well educated on the intimate dynamics between Israel and Palestine, I’m just of the opinion that it’s a bit disingenuous to say those attacks don’t matter simply because Israel was able to defend themselves from it. If a country like North Korea (who is clearly the weaker nation compared to U.S.) were able to launch a long range missile at Washington D.C. and we shot it down before it killed anyone, I don’t think anyone would be saying “well we have pretty good defenses so it doesn’t really matter”
Yeah sure disproportional response isn't great, I'd agree but what's the reason for that? Hamas and terrorist groups in the Middle East are not uniformed military groups. They use citizens, people they are trying to "protect" as human shields to protect them selfs which is fucking unconscionable, and that leads to these uneven death rates. Israel isn't blameless, but excuses hamas is insane
What an even more strange argument. Are you okay?
Your argument is I haven’t read on this subjected is based on nothing. I’m still waiting for you to admit you were wrong. It’s pretty embarrassing you still haven’t argued a point you argued about me personally. 

ad ho·mi·nem
/ˌad ˈhämənəm/
adjective
(of an argument or reaction) directed against a person rather than the position they are maintaining.

Please grow up and argue a point not me. Funny how some of the people you’ve “read” talk about this all the time …. LOL the irony
I'm not saying that, I'm saying that the response to a terrorist group shooting rockets is not to rain artillery and bombs on innocent people who had nothing to do with it
You don't shoot a child to get back at someone trying to shoot your child.
Apology not accepted. You spoke down to me because you expected me to be stupid. "Genuine discourse", as if you get to disqualify the opinions of certain others on senseless slaughter? You made a lot of claims about being blinded by whiteness and yet, here I am, a dumb old white guy that you expected to spew bullshit and you still can't even try to forge a genuine discussion once you realize you can't pull out your bullshit race card. 

I can't believe you admitted that you expected me to be just another dumbass and then didn't even try to have the discussion. Holy fuck, dude. Holy shit.
Hamas did a terrible attack on Israel. I do not support that attack. If you read any authentic book on this issue, you'll find statements from Hamas for a two-nation theory and you'll find Israel officials giving public statements to wipe the Palestinians from the face of the earth.

Just read something on this. One two things will happen, you'll either find that people like me are idiots and you'll have better arguments to shut me up. Or you'll see which sides wants genocide and which side is looking for basic human rights.
They will do what they always done. Oppress and kill more Palestinians which would lead to even more support of Hamas.
What did i say that isn’t true?
Ok kind sir you seem really inteligent, please, iluminate me on why I am a nazi... you seem to be the one justifying war on basis of race and history
You would get to spend the rest of your life in a (mandatory, violent) orgy. 

What's boring about that?
Surprise! /u/danny12beje is just another rape-supporting idiotic sycophant who thinks “more dead equals gooder people” while drool drips down his moronic face lmao
Between 2015 and 2022, the UN attributed over 8,700 child casualties to Israeli forces.

You condem the killing of 1 girl completely ignorant to what the other side is doing. Propaganda got you good.
I don't think the argument that "old genocides and old land claims don't matter" is the great defense of Israel that you think it is.
Semite propaganda alive and well on reddit
You just clicked into this post quite *literally* confirming actual genocide of Palestine through *actual numbers* and you *still* managed to conclude otherwise. It's like you're staring at the sun and blue skies yet mumbling to yourself it seems rainy today. That's the exact definition of delusional.
But you agree that the Palestinians are being oppressed by Isreal, right? You acknowledge that Isreals got Palestinians in an apartheid state?
what??? you’re literally just making bullshit up dude. “uhhh no the nakba never happened but uhhh it did and the palestinians actually did it to the settlers uhhh” what are you even saying dude
you are absolutely wrong. You do not know enough about this to comment on it. You should sit down and read, and let your primal emotions affect those around you, who also seemingly know nothing and cannot educate you, instead of trying to spread your ignorance elsewhere
Palestinians want to live in their villages and cities where they were ethnically cleansed from

also the "2 state solutions" you're talking about state that palestine are not allowed to have a military and won't have control over their own skies or control of anything, they basically would have to live at the mercy of israel

how can a country not have a military? you redditors love to talk about the solutions that were rejected but you never read what's actually written in the solutions
trying to reason with a Muslim is psycho but killing Jews and aiming to commit genocide on them isn't? you've been outed for your hypocrisy. enjoy the war. the one who lives by the sword...
Yes but I’m saying the idea that it would operate in the EXACT SAME manner should the power have been reversed decades ago is comical. Israel wouldn’t be an occupied state because Israel isn’t a real state. Israel wouldn’t have been able to invade Palestine.
Oh yes, victims are no longer victims when they fight back against their abuser. Great idea! We need to retroactively arrest the corpse of every woman who left scratches on their murderers face that led to conviction. They had no right to hurt their murderer! That makes them just as bad!
Defending terrorists is a more interesting take. Do you keep a photo of Bin Laden in your wallet?
True Israel = ISIS 😂
> it’s not a war crime to cut it of from electricity

It most certainly is, falls under collective punishment. Especially right before airstrikes and a land mobilisation with high expected injuries and casualities on civilians. 

> did Israel act in pure invasion or respons

In respons in this situation, for the last 75 years tho? Pure invasion and occupation. Im not in any way saying hamas acts were ok but has there been any instance in history around the globe of occupation where the opressed doesnt rise up? Look at the picture this thread is based on, they paint a clear picture on what is going on and that is just a small sample size.
Well if civilian body count is the score then palestine is way behind in the race. 

Three or four hundred more slaughtered raves and they should be neck and neck in the numbers. Hard to beat 30k mostly civilian dead in a year from the Israeli side. lol
Another “kill them all and let god sort them out” Israeli supporter.
Continuing to bring up Israel's "democracy" isn't the argument ender you think it is.  Even if we take it as true that it's an entirely free and democratic state (bullshit), that only goes to prove that the majority of Israelis are genocidal ethno-fascists.
Sorry you're mad that I don't support genociding Palestinians. Quit being so IsLaMoPhObIc.
No one really gives a fuck about jews mostly. I don't know one and care as little about them as any other religious group. Believe in your god, who honestly gives a fuck? Hatred of Israel has nothing to do with the religion yous follow
Look at op's chart again.

Palestinians have been dying wholesale at the hands of Israelis for decades. 1st

That is a fact, and facts are agnostic.
>Genocide has a definition you know: "acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group." 

Keeping the Palestinians in a fenced off camp, bombing their hospitals and shooting their kids with the intent of exterminating them altogether fits that description.


>Sooo exactly, literally, 100% what Hamas is doing. You know the group that the Palestinians chose to run Gaza. 

They're desperate prisoners lashing out.

>Israel and the Jews are intrinsically connected, which you would understand if you had the ability to see the world a bit more nuanced. 

Again, that's antisemitic as fuck, you're basically saying Jewish people are all responsible for the acts of genocide Israel commits. Many Jews actually speak up against the colonization and imprizonment of Palestine.
I’m sorry you got triggered by a graphic that accurately portrays the human cost of this conflict. It didn’t start with these attacks and won’t end with them. The enemy of Jewish people are people like you who refuse to acknowledge reality and want to keep pushing for the same failed policies of apartheid that have led to this tragedy.
Israel is committing war crimes. Not Palestine. Hamas is not Palestine, nor are they the only group staging a resistance to decades of genocide. Jewish people are not the Zionist Israeli state. Get a grip. You are absolutely ill informed and drunk on anti-Muslim propaganda. If being an enemy of "the west" means standing against genocide committed in the name of one god over another, then sign me up.
I'm not sure I follow?
I'd imagine they are the sorts who would tell us the ends justify the means and that their God justifies anything - at least against the people they don't like
Irrelevant. 

Your post speaks clearly for itself. 

And about you. 

To reiterate: 
Fuck you very much.
I did answer it?  I said I wouldn't support male rapists and murderers.

You just childishly won't accept my answer, because it goes against your narrative.

Hopefully you can mature and grow and realise people can and do have different opinions to yours x
I found a bunch which speaks to either your google skills or, more likely, honesty. 

Why would I bother providing sources to someone who has no interest in them? If you had actual interest you’d have found them yourself.
You really don't. Keep dreaming
Francesca Albanese is an evil whore and an Antisemite and a Hamas apologist. Hundreds of my brothers and sisters, innocent children have been slaughtered in cold blood by rabid gleeful savages. Fuck off and die 👍
If you want to have an honest conversation ask honest questions. The questions you just asked aren’t. Care to try again or are you happy to continue trolling?
They’re talking about Israel as a whole not just the settler colonies.
So I guess by that logic, the US military is a terrorist organization?
You act as if there is no empty space there, and Hamas is forced to put their cells in the absolute middle of civilian infrastructure? Or in the middle of hospitals and schools? 

You tell me the government of Gaza cannot put their cells at least in a low story house at the outskirts of the cities, but instead has to put it in high rise residential towers in the city Centre? Or shoot rockets from the grounds of schools? No they do not, they choose to do this because they know exactly that the retaliation will result in civilian casualties, and that this will not only infuriate Palestinians, but also evoke reactions just like yours.
Agreed, we need a massive overhaul because the system is flawed and expensive
As states in my original comment, the one to someone else that you decided to jump in on, the difference in casualties is this: iron dome.  That’s it. That’s all.
I've seen the videos. Gunning down crowds and slitting childrens throats =/= bombing buildings used to launch missiles
That's because Israel denies they commit crimes against humanity my guy.
You think in Gaza things are run normally? You serious right now?
There you go not reading my comments again. Welp.
Considering the sheer number of children killed, Israel is either so irresponsible with their military actions or intentionally targeting children.

Considering the amount of money and training pumped into the Israeli murder machine, incompetence is less likely.
Thanks for telling me you know absolutely nothing about Nelson Mandela LMAO. 

Like he literally used car bombs and the US government considered him a terrorist until 2008.
Yet I didn't say shit about AP News.  Because they have an established reputation.  You're mad I don't consider both the sources you provided to be of equal repute.  Are you ok bro?  Lemme get you some help, holup.
>Cutting off electricity to entire regions in retaliation is a war crime.  Settling occupied lands is a war crime.  Communal punishment is a war crime.

none of these are automatically war crimes

>but you've decided that Israel good, Hamas bad.

when i have ever claimed that israel is good?

&#x200B;

>You still seem to hold all Palestinians responsible for their elected government, but don't hold all Israeli citizens responsible for their elected government.

if hamas could set up a blockade against israel they would. and i wouldnt condem them for it, they are basically at war with eachother.
They were opposed from 1948, they never wanted peace in the first place. The situation is way more complicated than you making it to be. If you are pro Palestinian or Pro Israel then you are not knowledgeable enough to have on opinion on the conflict.
"it's worse to support the existence of Israel than it is to support the rape, murder, and desecration of an innocent women" lmao fuck outta here
So I should just blindly believe the opinion of a homophobic and sexist dude that actively endorses annexing both Pakistan and Bangladesh in the name of reuniting the subcontinent... yeah, no. Gandhi was a prominent figure in India's independence. Britain arrested revolutionaries, including Gandhi, during WWII. In fact, he was so well regarded as a leader in the independence movement that his imprisonment only served to amplify his cause. He kept many violent factions with India's colonial Congress at bay who saw WWII as a chance to strike down their oppressors. Without Gandhi and figures like him, India's independence would have been far more violent. Saying that only violence can solve these issues is for weak-willed people that have zero empathy for human life.
I literally just said they shouldn't be committing genocide, I just said I understood why they do it, at least read the comment before getting so righteous.
How times in history has someone won a war and then returned the land?  Except for the US, not many.  Also, the Muslims stole it from someone else.  It's not even feasible to return lands to the original owners even if it was them, which it was not.  I back Isreal and their right to both exist and defend themselves.  Honestly, I think they have been far too nice, which is raising casualties on both sides.  If they had just ended it, it would just have been another footnote in history.
I dunno man Israel's government is really leaning into the theocratic fascist Zionism kinda seems like you're telling me to just ignore all that "because Holocaust bro" which seems like a really incoherent argument.
Cool. Really refuted my point there. gg
Israel conducted a massive ethnic cleansing campaign in 1948, expelling about 700,000 Palestinians. It did the same thing in 1967. And even today the ethnic cleansing amd military expansion continues. Israel’s borders are lined with Palestinian refugee camps for a reason.
[deleted]
You literally said "no one is giving Hamas the benefit of the doubt."

Either you weren't speaking about yourself, or you don't know how to speak English.
If you think Israel-Palestine and Ukraine-Russia are the only conflicts America is involved in then you’re beyond help.
You are not who you're claiming to be.
if you support Palestine you are
Why am I even talking to you racist apartheid lover. The fucking Un study on Ops post already shows Israel kills over 1000% more than Palestine, who is the terrorist again? 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nakba

https://www.aljazeera.com/amp/news/2022/5/15/nakba-mapping-palestinian-villages-destroyed-by-israel-in-1948

Palestinians had their land invaded and were routinely slaughter for literally generations. This is basic knowledge, the large large majority of the world understand this. It’s only fat westerners who don’t 🤷‍♀️
If you pay me I do the research to you. Otherwise, have a nice day, I won't walk the extra mile for someone so ignorant. Let me walk them for people actually sick.
What were you expecting? I told you, you can pay me to gather all the publications with thesis and antithesis. But it's quite expensive to do so.
That is not exactly how I would describe it but essentially yes that is correct
And I can't believe you are a fucking fascist. You support a terrorist state fighting a terrorist organisation by killing hundreds of thousands of children.
Of course they didn't have the claim, since they were under the rule of other nations. That doesn't mean they didn't live there, that doesn't mean what happened was fair.

"News flash dumbass, the Muslims were the colonizers first" I forgot that the Muslims were at the head of the British Empire LOL.

"I guess your solution must be to simply kill all of the Jews" lol, typical Israelian supporter : if you don't support Israel then you must want all the Jews to die.

No, of course not.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
No, the nation of Israel was founded on a shared identity over 4000 years ago when they first peacefully settled the area as an offshoot of . The reclamation was founded on the expelling of 600k-1 million colonizers on stolen land.

Yes, the Jews who lived in Judea had been colonized and displaced several times. Still, scholars believe that when the Muslims conquered Jerusalem the majority people there had been Christian AND Jewish. The Muslims just conquered and colonized an already conquered and colonized people who *still did live there*, though many of them had also been driven across the lands. None of this changes the fact that the earliest records of a surviving claim to the land now called Israel was the Israelite claim as an offshoot of the Canaanites there.

If someone stole your wallet, and then I stole the wallet from that person, would you no longer want your wallet back? Am I the rightful owner of your wallet? No, neither are were the Arabic forefathers the rightful owners of Judea.

BTW, glad you're at least abandoning the Nazi propaganda talking points.
Okay.  How do they feel about terrorists killing civilians and then parading their dead bodies amongst cheers?
That's exactly what would happen though. The adults in the room should always be held to a higher standard than "an eye for an eye" 

If North Korea did manage to launch an missile and it was intercepted, then America responded by obliterating each and every inch of North Korean land and human, that wouldn't be appropriate. North Korea isn't capable of much, as such American response would almost entirely be limited to defensive actions. Mike Tyson beating an autistic kids face into a pulp because the kid yelled and threw a worthless punch would be obscene.
I haven't excused Hamas. You know hot terrorist organizations prosper? By a massively disproportionate balance of power frequently being leveraged. I'd bet money for example that there are more people willing to blow themselves up to kill Americans now that there were 20 years ago. Same thing here.
It's reality. Sorry it baffles you.
>I'm not saying \[Israel should allow rockets to be shot at them\], I'm saying that the response to a terrorist group shooting rockets is not to rain artillery and bombs on innocent people who had nothing to do with it

And that right there is the entire problem.  Hamas deliberately positions itself with civilians as meat shields.  Israel is left with a choice, prioritize itself and its people, or prioritize Palestinians.  The choice for Israel should not be surprising to anyone.  

This is why the IDF has, at least historically, practiced "[roof knocking](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roof_knocking)."  While the concept obviously has not always been carried out particularly well, it is clear evidence of the IDF at least trying to avoid civilian casualties before hitting a (perceived) military target.
No, you shoot at someone whos trying to kill your child no matter what the cost is. By your logic hiding behind children would make hamas invincible. The moment they use civilians as cover, they are responsible for their death
Nevermind, I was spot on. Pretend victimhood all round.

Trying to discuss over the deaths of thousands, yet is too personally insulted.
Apart from "people died = bad" what other opinion do you hold? That's the only one you expressed. 

You commented simply to overshadow Palestinian disproportionate suffering, a minute after a Zionist bot commented on me. And I explained you that what you are doing is basically mindless propaganda.

What fucking conclusion do you even want to reach, aside from the fact that you are a dumb victim? Do you want to get your blood pressure up for nothing?
You’re a genocide apologist. I have no desire to continue discussing this with you. Hardly better than a Nazi.
You want the Jews to be exterminated. That’s pretty fucking Nazi behavior.
No you’re boring… clearly having a meltdown online and not thinking clearly. Have the day you deserve 💗✌🏾
Surprise! An account not even a month old is calling me idiotic and rape-supporting.

If you support Israel, you support [rape](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.dailysabah.com/world/mid-east/deceased-israeli-soldier-boasted-about-raping-palestinian-woman/amp), [war crimes](https://www.amnesty.org/en/location/middle-east-and-north-africa/israel-and-occupied-palestinian-territories/report-israel-and-occupied-palestinian-territories/) and [slaughtering of innocent children](https://www.hrw.org/news/2023/08/28/west-bank-spike-israeli-killings-palestinian-children), all *without war*.
Propaganda got *you* good because they set up bases near women and children. But no, let’s support the terrorist who use human shields and have no regard for human life lmao
You call 6,000 people in 16 years a genocide?
I agree that Palestinians are oppressed, I do not agree that Palestinians live in an apartheid state
Then that should be a crucial nonstarter. Answer the direct question now, explain how that’s the only effective solution. I have a feeling you’re just a closet supporter of civilians being killed based on previous comments but are too chicken shit to flatly say it
i hope you see a psychiatrist
btw unobjective is not a word, you mean subjective
Thats a bad example since those women dont go into schools and murder random innocent children. But its interesting to see how the propaganda has affected you
Please put the words I used to defend terrorists in quotation marks.

Once you realise that you can’t do that, read this:

Firstly, 138 UN member states recognise Palestine. That is almost as many as the number who recognise Israel.

Secondly, that is not the only metric. Palestinians have lived in the area since before the British colonised it. The fact that the British gave the land to another coloniser does not magically invalidate the Palestinians’ claim to the land.
[deleted]
>It most certainly is, falls under collective punishment

Are you implying that when a lot of Western businesses decided to stop providing any services to Russians - they also committed war crimes? Russian businesses and private entities are not entitled to services and goods provided by Western businesses. Just like Gazans are not entitled to anything provided by Israelis (electricity included).
You say that in response to innocent civilians, not even the IDF, being massacred at a music festival huh. Israel isn't killing them all. Hamas is killing all jews.

More left wing NPC commentary. Great job.
And you are antisemitic. It’s really obvious.
Yeah im sorry that I support the only democratic state on the whole Middle East and the only one where it’s not barbaric middle age rules that apply.  You know who else said that the Jews were doing a genocide on their people? You’re in really murky waters dude..!
Define genocide then explain how it pertains to Palestinians. They have a steadily increasing population and an intact culture. 

You co-opt that word to minimize the Holocaust. It’s a false equivalence.
Imagine supporting killing children and attacking a music festival because “they have killed more”. You have really bad morals.
I mean if the Israeli military wasn't competent then the Israeli deaths would be much higher lmao...If their early detection and missile defense systems were not effective, they would be dying endlessly. This raid by Hamas just proved their point that if given the chance, the other side is equally (if not more) murderous and gruesome.
You really don’t know what antisemitism is do you? And you apparently have no idea about the history of antisemitism. 

YOU are saying that Israel are intent on exterminating the Palestinians, which is YOUR opinion. One side of this conflict openly wants to exterminate the other, again the group that the PALESTINIANS ELECTED. 

If Israel would have wanted to exterminate the Palestinians, they could have.

If the Palestinians could exterminate the Israelis they would have. They are not the same. The Arabs have destroyed every peace accord since 1948, they don’t even want a two state solution, the only solution acceptable is that all Jews are murdered. But have fun supporting that side!

Also, they’re like 8 million people surrounded by 150 million people that all want to kill them, who is defending who here? You are delusional bro!
Calling actions war crimes doesn't make it so. Israel has every right under all international laws to defend from future attacks. Hamas sets up shop in civilian areas (war crime), shoots rockets at civilians (war crime), has prevented civilians from moving 5km south to be safe (war crime), is holding civilians hostages (war crime), not to mention the planned invasion and attack on oct 7 (war crimes). The palestinian genocide is a false accusation that has been made for decades. Wasn't true any of the previous many times and isn't true today. If you advocate for innocent lives as I do, you would demand all counties call for the release of the hamas hostages, that they allow the civilians to temporarily evacuate, that they stop firing rockets at civilians and that they stop misappropriation aid funds and infrastructure for weapons and personal gain.
In this conflict, 

the Palestinians lose if they fight against Hamas. They also lose by going with them (because Israel will take back over Gaza after this stunt and be damned to what the local Palestinian thinks).

In their minds, 

They are winning by attacking Israel and zionists as payback for the oppression they live under. And when israel fights back, they win when they will use that emotional appeal to show Israel oppresses them to prove their hatred.
I won't comment on imagined hypotheticals.
Its actually way more relevant than your repetition of insults. You can debate me on any of the topics. Feel free of you dare
Edit: imagine insulting me and then blocking me 🤣
Nice debating skill kid
Another comment reply, another refusal to provide any sources. If I didn't have interest in them I wouldn't still be continuing this conversation, now would I.
Yeah, I do. I'm not supporting apartheid.
> In December 2022, sixty-five scholars of antisemitism, the Holocaust, and Jewish studies stated: "It is evident that the campaign against [Albanese] is not about combating today's antisemitism. It is essentially about efforts to silence her and to undermine her mandate as a senior UN official reporting about Israel's violations of human rights and international law. [Source](https://www.middleeastmonitor.com/20221222-scholars-of-anti-semitism-defend-un-special-rapporteur-on-palestine-against-pro-israel-onslaught/)

>Hundreds of my brothers and sisters, innocent children have been slaughtered in cold blood by rabid gleeful savages.

IDF aren't justified do-gooders, and a Palestinian could say the exact same thing about them. Or did you just forget about their shooting of Abu Akleh and Israel's abject refusal to uphold any level of justice despite video evidence?
Oh the irony of calling others monsters and wishing death upon them while trying to play the victim.
It is all one entity that continues to invite people on the basis of their identity from anywhere in the world to come and settle areas they have violently driven Palestinians out of.  It uses its military force to enable this. You cannot separate Israel into good and bad parts anymore than you could Rhodesia.
i think you'll find being called or escaping being called a "terrorist organization" on the world stage has very little to do with the organization's actions & everything to do with a popularity contest.

But yes, considering how often the US Gov murders innocent civilians, famously via drone strikes in recent decades, if Hamas is a terrorist organization, and if Israel is a terrorist organization, the US military is certainly a terrorist organization.
Actually, my reaction is evoked by indiscriminate bombing campaigns like those occurring, um, right now. Also by 70 years of occupation in an open air prison. That does it too. Civilians die in war, hence why it should be avoided. Israel has had the capacity to avoid it for decades, & they have chosen to demolish Palestinian houses, apartments, & businesses (oh look! empty places Hamas could operate their cells from!!)

Hope this helps.
You know that the opposite also happens right? Quick google search of israeli shootings children article, the latest incident is just last year.
Is that why you still don't acknowledge what happened yesterday? A death toll of nearly a thousand people in an uprovked, planned attack of Israeli civilian targets?
 Is that so hard for you to see it?
no, i read it, and i answered it. you're just, hmm, less smart
Jews have a right to defend ourselves. If Gazans don't want their children killed they shouldn't attack my brothers and sisters in Israel (as well as other innocents including Arabs...) If Gazans are so cruel to fight from within cities it is their own doing that their children are killed. Meanwhile, hundreds of thousands of Muslim Arabs are walking on the streets of Israel, eating in Israeli restaurants, shopping in Israelialls...yes, poor Arabs...
nice try genius but you asked how peacefully it ended, not how peaceful the resistance to it was. the fact that mandela used car bombs 25+ years earlier does not change the fact that there was a peaceful transition away from apartheid. whatever point you're trying to make here is being lost because you have no idea how to word it properly
Do you know anything about the times of Israel reputation? I’m pretty sure you don’t so how can you say it’s a bad publication? You are making assumptions

You can’t say somethings bad when you have no idea. Let alone you were wrong yet still won’t admit you’re mistake
So... you don't hold Israel accountable for something because you've decided that Hamas would do the same thing if they could.  Only, let's talk about the Arabs in the area and not just Hamas.  When Palestine was majority Arab (as in 90%+) for hundreds of years, did they put the Jews in open air prisons?  Did they do anything like what Israel has done to the Palestinians?  No, they didn't.  That's largely why the Jews living in Palestine overwhelmingly did NOT support Zionism.  The Zionists were almost entirely from Europe and Russia.

Israel does not represent all Jews, and I'm tired of anyone assuming that anyone that criticises Israel must immediately support Hamas.  Both are shit, and we should hold both accountable for their actions.  Not just push the narrative any time Hamas does something and turn a blind eye whenever Israel does the same thing, only more often.  I say this as a Jew.  If we want to have any moral standing, we need to have consistent principles.
the partition plan was not a unified country, it was 2 separate countries with israel having more land than palestine despite palestinians being the majority

and the israel lands included many Palestinian cities and villages, were the people there supposed to be happy about it and leave the place where their ancestors have lived for generations?

the zionists came to palestine with the goal of making a country for themselves ONLY, and kicking out everyone else, they have made it very clear

they did not come with the intention of living alongside the people who were already living there in 1 country

Palestine (and the arab world in general) have welcomed MANY refugees and immigrants from around the world regardless of their ethnicity or religion, the difference is that these people came with the intention of living WITH the people already living there, and didn't come with the intention of kicking everyone out! unlike the zionists
One Israeli civilian vs tens of thousands of Palestinian civilians is like the easiest goddamned trolley problem in existence. Also equating apartheid with the existence of Israel is pants-on-head moronic. If Zionists weren't so fucking stupid all the time I'd assume you were paid opposition.
"I'm not smart enough to articulate a good argument, so I use straw-man logic"

"I support a regime that has raped pillaged stolen and killed for 55-80 years, but it says it's a democracy so they're the good guys"

Das you LOL
Might is right. If you can steal it. It’s yours. Just like what Jesus said.

Nobody is against defending yourself. People are against the Israel’s theft of land and property. Being an occupying force.
Well you only seem capable of criticize the Jewish people's government and can't be bothered to read what Palestinians say they want. Sounds like you don't care about Palestine, you just want Jews to suffer hmmmmmm, reminds me of a group in German history
Awesome glad you finally realised it!
What can I do but smile? You're sick. You're saying no one is allowed to disagree with you but then claim you're acting with nuance? No you aren't. You're excusing the execution of children.
Guilty, it’s my third language.
They're the only ones Biden's been begging for money to support.

Kind of weird how Somalia and Libya and Iraq don't get their equal attention billions.  Wonder why
Hahahahahahaha
I gladly support the victims of genocide. Now fuck off
Al Jazeera? Go ahead and pull the other leg. And Wikipedia, which can be edited by literally anybody. You have even’t given proof of “tens of thousands”.
It looks like you shared an AMP link. These should load faster, but AMP is controversial because of [concerns over privacy and the Open Web](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot).

Maybe check out **the canonical page** instead: **[https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2022/5/15/nakba-mapping-palestinian-villages-destroyed-by-israel-in-1948](https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2022/5/15/nakba-mapping-palestinian-villages-destroyed-by-israel-in-1948)**

*****

 ^(I'm a bot | )[^(Why & About)](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot)^( | )[^(Summon: u/AmputatorBot)](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/cchly3/you_can_now_summon_amputatorbot/)
Christian Coward. Your religion commands you to state your reasons for your faith,and you can't do it
Well you must already have access to it,otherwise how else could you rationally reach your conclusion ?
Well how would you describe it ? Also,have a look at the comment you replied to before,there's a bit extra I'd like you to respond to
Lol I am a fascist for being against a terrorist organisation?

>You support a terrorist state fighting a terrorist organisation by killing hundreds of thousands of children.

There's only one group of terrorists here and they are based in Gaza. Not Israel. It's horrible you have any sympathy for Hamas after the attack. Israel has every right to unleash hell on them. 

The only ones endangering the lives of Gazans are Hamas. If theu really cared, they wouldn't have conducted this attack or they wouldn't live amongst civilians and use them as meat shields.
They haven't lost, big difference.  Weaker armies often win, take the US revolution, for example, but yes, at some point when you lose and the enemy allows you to survive, it's in your peoples best interest to move on.
Bruh, you are trying you best to excuse terrorism and the mass slaying of civilians as some sort of reasonable response. 

Eat shit terrorist bootlicker
“I totally don’t support either, but I will try to downplay the 260+ civilians raped and killed yesterday”

Sure thing, eat shit you terrorist bootlicker
If you stole my wallet a thousand or so years ago and the only way to get it back it through genocide and apartheid yes. I should move on. Like we expect it from anyone else. Its stupid. If we let that slide with one group EVERYONE else would wanna redraw their borders aswell and that not a price worth paying. The international order works by enforcing and respecting each others boundries. And why russia or Serbia are strongly condemned. And israel should be too.

A better comparison should be some stole my wallet and that guy got it stolen by someone else then someone inhereted it from that guy and so on. Untill this guy doesn’t even remember it. 30year later after he has a wife and a i house i come inside and kick him out of his house.

BTW not glad youre still holding onto Nazi talking points.
Do you honestly think any same person is in favor of killing and kidnapping civilians? Israel is responsible for the existence and popularity of Hamas through their occupation and murdering of Palestinians. I can't believe this conversation is even being had considering Israel has no right to the land they live on. 

I'm sure you'd be thrilled if some country moved into your neighborhood, claimed it as theirs and then treated you as a second class citizen if you were lucky.
Neither you or I know exactly how the US leadership would respond but do you seriously believe they would consider that anything other than an act of war??? It would 100% be appropriate to neutralize the threat, whatever means they use to do that would be up to the military experts but there’s zero chance they just sit around waiting for another attack to happen.
Again I'm not disagreeing with you, but I think you are ignoring the other half of it.

Hamas purposely uses civilian establishments for military purposes, schools/hospitals etc. when they are retaliated against they can use that as an excuse, which is exactly what this graph continues to promote.

Using disproportional power isn't good, but Hamas isn't stupid, they know what they are doing to rally support for their side from their citizens.

Like I said earlier is real isn't blameless but this situation is far from black and white as this bullshit graph depicts
......what?

Are you off your medication or something?
You are just bloodthirsty.   

The person who commits the act of shooting a child is evil full stop. Someone who cuts off water from a city is committing a war crime.  

The hanggliders attacking people are evil.

IDF invading people's homes and blowing up civilian telecommunications is evil.

You seem to not want a reality where you don't shoot a child.  Disgusting.
Lmao no fucking kidding

EDIT: they added the second line after I commented this. They've been stealth editing a lot of stuff (i.e. I had to edit one of my previous comments because I referenced their last paragraph and then they added another paragraph to that one with a new paragraph that would have heavily changed the context with what I said). For full clarity, I stealth edited one of my comments to clarify my well-wishes for the Palestinian people.
Ok, here's a second opinion for you. 

You're accusing me of attempting to overshadow Palestinian suffering while simultaneously saying Israel had it coming TWO FUCKING DAYS after Hamas militants crossed over the border and killed civilians. 

You attempted to rake me over the coals for peddling propaganda (as you are attempting again now), but you even admitted yourself that you didn't expect me to make an attempt at genuine discourse. Which is it? 

Let's be honest. You were genuine when you said you didn't expect me to have a real discourse with you. Once I rubbed your shitty attitude in your face, you went back to claiming I'm just regurgitating propaganda because you can't handle it when someone takes you to task for having an idiotic hot take. I have my beliefs about you as to why, but they would be overwrought assumptions based on a handful of comments so I'll keep them to myself.
Ooh maah gaad and you want to eat babies alive since we are just making shit up at this point
From your writing style, you are definitely a teenaged girl.

Are you defending your heroes knowing what they would do to you if you stepped foot in Gaza?

That woman who's corpse was dragged through the street after being raped was participating in a pro-palestine festival at the time. Over 200 of the victims were.
Lmao your best argument is “lol your account is young” as well as what about-ism and citing biased sources. You are well and truly a lost cost. Pseudo-intellectual at best 📸🤨 with a room temp IQ ☠️
It looks like you shared an AMP link. These should load faster, but AMP is controversial because of [concerns over privacy and the Open Web](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot). Fully cached AMP pages (like the one you shared), are [especially problematic](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot).

Maybe check out **the canonical page** instead: **[https://www.dailysabah.com/world/mid-east/deceased-israeli-soldier-boasted-about-raping-palestinian-woman](https://www.dailysabah.com/world/mid-east/deceased-israeli-soldier-boasted-about-raping-palestinian-woman)**

*****

 ^(I'm a bot | )[^(Why & About)](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot)^( | )[^(Summon: u/AmputatorBot)](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/cchly3/you_can_now_summon_amputatorbot/)
What aspect is missing for their living conditions to be considered an apartheid state?
my answer is the same, no oppressed people got their freedom peacefully
Go "martyr" yourself.
Pedantry. Unobjective is a synonym. Uncommon words are real words fuckmook.
Yea, the propaganda of a tiny victim state who’s verifiable casualty statistics are done by international agencies.
Sorry is terrorist apologist better or more accurate? Seems like you should go help those camel fellaters out and sign up to help since you care about them so much.
Israel=ISIS
Im not, im saying cutting out electricity for civilians in an open air prison where the opressors are blocking land, air and water routes is. 

Do you think the attacks by hamas justifies cutting of electricity of, for instance hospitals, before an air and land invasion for civilians who had nothing to do with it?  If the answer is yes then you are condoning a war crime.
If you cannot see how isreal isnt every single jewish person, you calling others antisemite is really ironic.
>not barbaric

Are you really talking about the place that wants to genocide Palestinians as "not barbaric".  I will never support genocide, so I will never support Palestine. Also, you seem like a low class person. Enjoy your block.
"Democratic" is a strange way to describe a country who has had the same PM for >20 years.
"We experienced a genocide so now we're allowed to do it to others!"
I don't support *any*  killing, but I do understand what generational oppression can do to a captive population.

I also understand that generations of doomsday propoganda can make folks believe crazy shit...

Odd that a dude who lives happily and unapologetically with apartheid has the balls to lecture me about morality.. lol
Imagine supporting killing children and bombing hospitals. You have really bad morals.
Imagine supporting killing of children because somebody attacked a music festival
Right.
Hamas fires unguided rockets that rarely hit anything.

Israel has F16's and lazar guided munitions.

You do realize that about a hundred thousand Palestinians are gonna die this week because 300 Israelis died, right?
>If Israel would have wanted to exterminate the Palestinians, they could have.

And they're going to. They just need some prison camp outlashes to justify it and maintain support from the west. Well it's your lucky day! Are you getting off on seeing the baby corpses the coming days?

>Also, they’re like 8 million people surrounded by 150 million people that all want to kill them, who is defending who here? You are delusional bro!

There's like 2 million Palestinians and they're surrounded by Israel.
Thank you - that is a serious dilemma!
You're just making up stories. What Palestinians have you talked to that told you this is what is in their minds? Your Islamophobia is disgusting. "when Israel fights back". What a ridiculous statement. They've been killing Palestinians for decades. It is the Palestinians who have decided to fight back, and you are a boot licker who supports genocide.
That's all I have to offer - the only hamas supporters I know are kinda abstract
Debate about whether a massacre at a music festival is ever justified? 

Go fuck yourself vigorously. 

Blocked 🚫
https://abc7chicago.com/amp/hamas-israel-war-attack-gaza-strip/13879559/ Is literally the first thing that comes up in google. 

But yeah, you’re replying because you honestly want sources.
You are defending the S.S Dirlewanger battalion. You have no morals, no shame, you are a bastard. You are nothing to me
Are you talking about the settlers or are you making the antiquated argument that Israel doesn't have a right to exist?
https://www.instagram.com/p/CyJUJlFxdw9/?igshid=MTc4MmM1YmI2Ng==
Got it. So military in general represents terrorism in your mind. Cool stuff.
You mean the indiscriminate firing of tens of thousands of rockets into Israel and consequent invasion, where Hamas specifically targeted and massacred hundreds festival goers and then parades their corpses around their streets in celebration?

Or Israel targeting Hamas cells that hide between civilians, and where they even issue warnings beforehand so civilians have a chance to flee?
Which is incredibly unfortunate, but it is not the IDFs modus  operandi, like it is Hamases.
I don't need to acknowledge it. When you consistently abuse/murder/steal homes and land/limit their freedom, eventually your going to create a monster. That's what Israel did. 
If you beat a dog over and over again, eventually its going to bite.
Dude, that’s a literal drop in the bucket compared to what Israel has done. Stop acting like a clown.
You've already said you don't take the topic seriously and don't read commentary sooooooooooooooooooooo
Does the reverse logic apply? Because Israel has been executing a systemic genocide for the past 75+ years, and has been found repeatedly to be committing war crimes - not in just one way, but a vast array including *disproportionately and intentionally targeting civilians especially children.*

If Jews in Israel have the right to defend themselves, why don't the Arabs in what is now and once was Palestinian land have the same right?

On another note, is it *really* defending yourself when the civilian casualties are 55 times higher on the Palestinian side than the Israeli side? At what point do Jews have an obligation to stop and say "We are murdering so many children in the name of "retribution" that we are now the aggressors"?
No it ended after the US realized that the black South Africans weren’t communists and the Cold War was over. They had no reason to support the South African government anymore so they pulled out. 

Litterally in 1988 Cubans pulled out of Angola as a part of multilateral agreement between them SA and the US. In 1989 the ANC was decriminalized after the PM stepped down. In 1990 Mandela was freed. 

You understand what would happened to white SAs if they didn’t bow down since their US support was gone? Or the violence black SA experienced daily make it’s a FAR cry from peaceful. 

That’s like saying the civil rights protest were peaceful  because the US bowed down rather than go through another civil war during the height of the Cold War (even though it still wasn’t peaceful). 

Like you’re being disingenuous here lmao.
If they had equal reputation, you wouldn't have to ask stupid questions like that.  Lmfao derp.
>So... you don't hold Israel accountable for something because you've decided that Hamas would do the same thing if they could.

im saying its somewhat acceptable to try stop your enemies from getting weapons that will be used against you. war is always horrible (even if it is just de facto´) but blockades are least bad thing about them, and they most certainly arent war crimes

&#x200B;

>Only, let's talk about the Arabs in the area and not just Hamas. When Palestine was majority Arab (as in 90%+) for hundreds of years, did they put the Jews in open air prisons? Did they do anything like what Israel has done to the Palestinians? No, they didn't.

the jews at the time werent actively trying to kill the arabs

&#x200B;

>Israel does not represent all Jews, and I'm tired of anyone assuming that anyone that criticises Israel must immediately support Hamas. Both are shit, and we should hold both accountable for their actions. Not just push the narrative any time Hamas does something and turn a blind eye whenever Israel does the same thing, only more often. I say this as a Jew. If we want to have any moral standing, we need to have consistent principles.

i fail to see how this is relevant to this specific conversation. i condem isreal for thei disproportionate retalations in the past that have killed civilians and the fact that they took more land than that was orginally allocated for them, even if it was as a result of defensive wars, though that one is hardly fault of the current israeli people. (also im suspicious about whether or not the second war really was a premptive strike in self defense and not just aggression from isreal)
It's not just one, though, and you know that.
I'm not sure what it has to do with Jesus. Do you know any history?  There are way worse outcomes than getting kicked out of you're house and I would argue a hundred years of poverty, and losing conflicts is way worse than just packing up and resetting elsewhere.
I want a trillion dollars. You can basically ignore this, because there's no way for me to accomplish this goal.
Fair enough. This should help. This is normally covered within the first couple of hours of learning a language, but I'm guessing you were busy making bad arguments on reddit that day.

https://dictionary.cambridge.org/grammar/british-grammar/pronouns-personal-i-me-you-him-it-they-etc
Civil wars vs foreign invasions.
Hey, how do you think they got the land? Asking? No, they used weapons.

Find me evidence Israel hasn’t been killing Palestinians dork
You don't need to be rude. I also never claimed bravery, I'm but weak.
I don't walk around carrying archeology publications regarding the historicity of jesus. No one does, unless you work with it.
That's why a Wikipedia page suffice.
Sorry the yup was for both. 

Satan wanted to be LIKE God. He didn't just not want to worship him. That context is important.
I don't have sympathy for Hamas, and if you can't understand simple words, you shouldn't even try to reply. Hamas and Israel are very similar in their actions.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Do you live in the US?
And yeah, the people cheering and spitting on dead Israel civilians seem to be in favor.
America has constantly defended themselves from act of war (read poor countries trying to repel Americans from their country) and over-handed responses are EXTREMELY criticized. Because a world power pecker slapping the equivalent to a child in a wheel chair is frowned upon.
Is nearly 242-1 casualtie ratio (meaning fatality and injury) a "fair fight"? There is zero situation where year after year of TENS OF THOUSANDS of lives ruined justified by a little over 100 is anything but a one sided fight
>You seem to not want a reality where you don't shoot a child. Disgusting.

I do want that reality but at the same time I know that is not our reality. And I never said I want to shoot a child. I said I would shoot at people attack me or my family no matter what or who they hide behind

You just cant seem to grasp that that is reality for a lot of people. Ignoring that doesnt make it go away
This just ties in everything together.


Here you have a Redditor pretending to care for a conflict across the world, only having examined it through media headlines.

Of course, that care is only barely genuine because he saw a group he relates to suffer. He never cared about the headlines of Palestinians suffering, or any other perceived minority. Only white Jews. After having examined as situation at the most elementary level, he tries to overshadow the remark about Palestinian suffering - being fueled by his own biased perception of events.

And now, he is writing as if he is addressing some third spectator on a comment thread no one will ever expand. What an actual nonce. 

I edit my comments till I receive replies.
In a sea of people calling for the genocide of Palestinian people, you are so brave to point out that terrorist acts cannot be tolerated. Truly one of the thinkers of our time.

You have yet to admit that your concern was only a reaction to seeing the headlines about people partying being killed. You have not examined this conflict at even an elementary level, expressing an opinion about it is a trend you are jumping on.

The assumptions I made that you are just a reactionary are spot on. It was my bad to concede against a spinless prick like you, I should know better.
Free Palestine 🇵🇸✌🏾
Human Rights Watch is biased?

Who would've thunk, *Human Rights Watch* is biased.

Yeah probably against nations that commit Human Rights violations and that's...bad?

Amnesty International is also biased somehow.

You don't even know what these organisations are, correct?

Lmfao.
Apartheid is a separation of two groups for racist reasons like in South Africa.

Palestinian folks in Gaza are separated because they declared war on and actively try to kill Israelis on a constant basis, requiring Israel to defend itself by limiting movement and access in Gaza. There is nothing racist about Israel's motivations
That’s not the answer to how that rationale justifies killing civilians as the only opinion, but I suspect you can’t, because you need to be using cognitive dissonance otherwise it’s tough to accept you’re supporting terrorism
An intelligent person would not say unobjective, sorry to tell you
Agreed, but thats just what happens when you shoot rockets out of hospitals.
Please put the words I used to apologise for the actions of HAMAS in quotation marks.

I don’t support them. I just happen to also not support Israel. Is that too much for you to understand? I can try to explain it more simply if you like.
Western businesses stopped providing services for Russian hospitals too. And some of these services were critical as well.

\> who had nothing to do with it

They had, when I watch videos I see people celebrating and cheering, spitting on the hostages and throwing rocks at dead bodies. 

Also Israel offered multiple ways for people to warn Israel about upcoming attack - in a small country like that everybody knows everything. Yet nobody called. Which makes them responsible - just like it made responsible one of Boston terrorists (younger brother) who didn't do anything himself, but knew about upcoming attack and didn't warn the police.
It’s obvious you’re not familiar with the history of the Jewish people, the current situation in Israel or anything else regarding the region for that matter. Maybe don’t speak when you don’t understand what you’re talking about.
No, please tell me how it is a genocide. Do I have the definition wrong? Decade-long mass slaughter does not equal genocide.
Odd that a dude that “doesn’t support any killing” supports killing, and lecture me about morality the same day that you can’t even give condolences for the murder and rape of Jewish people by an evil terrorist group. The situation is much more complicated than you try to make it btw, there’s no easy answer to this, you have opinions like a teenager, the world isn’t that black or white!
Yea, Hamas would fire nukes if they had the capability as well lmao. Which is why comparing deaths seems silly to me when the argument being made is "Oh this dangerous group exists across our border and keeps attacking us". As for the hundred thousand dead...that is possible for sure. The death toll will definitely be in the thousands, but that was inevitable the moment those barbaric videos came out with Israeli civilians. By choosing to almost exclusively target civilians and film that (for whatever reason)...Hamas handed the IDF propaganda material better than anything they have ever had. It is all about optics after all and Gaza had been winning that war for a long time (especially amongst the younger people in the west), but in one move they gave Israel a "9/11".
Egypt, Syria, Lebanon, Jordan, Iran. And so on and so forth. They all want to kill all Jews. Maybe you could try to have some empathy for a people that has been oppressed for millennia. And also 150 million to 8 million is a much worse ratio. Should the Jews just give up and let themselves be slaughtered? AGAIN btw, it wasn’t even that long ago that happened - do you think the Germans were correct in doing what they did considering they had many of the same arguments you do?
Pretty easy to gauge from many testimonials and interviews with regular every day people and the people protesting. Might i suggest you look up the Q&A with a Palestinian female reader and a Jewish author. 

>when Israel fights back

And this is where your ignorance is showing. Palestinians have been killing jews and Israelis for decades as well. This is a chicken and the egg conflict blaming each other over for their problems.
"abstract" is an interesting choice.
Do you justify 750k Palestinians being evicted from the country, thousands Being (admitted by IDF soldiers) raped, murdered, tortured (admitted innocents too), forced into an open air prison 60sq miles large with 2.2 million people, by and large stripped of all rights for 7 decades not equate to a worse tragedy than a music festival. 

I’m not denying the festival massacre was horrible. But when you constantly remind people they are worthless, take all their rights, murder all their family and friends and force them to be raised in a terrible environment, some of those people will do bad things. But what israel has done in the past century doesn’t not even equate closely to anything Hamas has done.
It looks like you shared an AMP link. These should load faster, but AMP is controversial because of [concerns over privacy and the Open Web](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot).

Maybe check out **the canonical page** instead: **[https://abc7chicago.com/hamas-israel-war-attack-gaza-strip/13879559/](https://abc7chicago.com/hamas-israel-war-attack-gaza-strip/13879559/)**

*****

 ^(I'm a bot | )[^(Why & About)](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot)^( | )[^(Summon: u/AmputatorBot)](https://www.reddit.com/r/AmputatorBot/comments/cchly3/you_can_now_summon_amputatorbot/)
A presumably second hand account by someone in Philadelphia is a terrible source... She's probably just speculating like you. 

There's a reason 0 major news outlets are not reporting anything about rapes and its because its totally speculative and unconfirmed.
lmao
Israel doesn't have a right to exist.  Just like Rhodesia didnt have a right to exist.  States rights aren't real.  Humans have rights.
well yeah. that's what terrorism is.
Flee where. There is nowhere to flea. They are surrounded on all sides with concrete.

Israel cannot be the victim when it refuses to let the enemy fucking leave.
Herm this is double standard at its finest, where is this hamas operandi? If they only managed to kill 200 people before this. But somehow if israeli keep killimg children every year with greater volume its "unfortunate"
Ok. That is some twisted sense of morality you have. I'm done debating.
That's some next level hate if you see that level of suffering and you're response is "youre a clown".
i didn't say i don't take it seriously, i said i don't really care at all*

and no i don't care about your comments either Maleficent-Mud8638. good night.
If there is systemic genocide as you claim, how can Arabs work for Jews, work with Jews, attend their colleges, walk their streets, shop in their malls? How can their birth rate and population surge and be higher than ever? Jews do not commit systemic genocide, that's why. You're an anti-Semitic liar.

There was no such thing ever as a Muslim Arab Palestinian nation. Before Israel's independence from BRITAIN, Jews, Christians, other minorities AND ALSO Muslim Arabs were called Palestinians. 

Israelis took absolutely no one's land. The Muslim, Jews and other minorities owned their properties but Muslims ALSO stole land from Jewish owners in Eastern Jerusalem when they attacked Jews who had to flee. Israel's land is their land, period! You have absolutely no proof that Israelis "stole" land from Muslim Arabs, you are simply spouting lies. 

I don't care about the "55" times higher casualties of a people who continuously terrorizes my people. If the Gazan's did not want their children to be killed they shouldn't have massacred and terrorized Israelis, many of the Israeli victims who are Arabs, btw. Do you care about the "Palestinians"? Absolutely not. You don't care. The Muslim Arabs don't care themselves that their people will get killed when they commit terror. And from Israel's part, it's not simply about retaliation, it's about taking out terrorists and terrorist infastructure hiding between supposed "civilians". And you know what, I don't agree with this dumb "retaliation". Israel needs to go into Gaza and reclaim the land they gave away to the Muslim Arabs, which they turned into a hotbed of terrorism, and make sure there's never any terrorist activity there again ever.

The fact that you defend terrorists is  very telling. Let me inform you, Jew hater, the Jewish nation lives forever, God makes sure of that.
> Or the violence black SA experienced daily make it’s a FAR cry from peaceful. 

alright since you still don't seem to understand what the topic here is, let me spell it out for you. we're not talking about whether apartheid itself was peaceful (it wasn't), or whether the tactics used to resist it were peaceful (not all of them were), we're talking about whether *how it ended* was peaceful. because that's what you jumped in to the thread to ask me about for some reason i still haven't been able to ascertain

>That’s like saying the civil rights protest were peaceful 

bad analogy because again, we're talking about how apartheid ended rather than the tactics that were used to resist it. 

>Like you’re being disingenuous here lmao.

i'm sure it would seem that way to someone who doesn't even understand what the topic is
I know the answer you don’t that’s the problem again stop embarrassing yourself and assuming. I gave you 3 links and you ignored all of them. Stop making a fool of yourself. 

Btw I’m still waiting for you to admit you were clearly wrong
> the jews at the time werent actively trying to kill the arabs

The Jews in Palestine weren't, and the Jews in Palestine opposed Zionism.  In fact many of them were killed by Zionists for protecting their Arab neighbours.

The Zionists however, had already stated in the First Zionist Congress in 1897 in Basel, that their plan was to displace the Arabs in Palestine by force.  So, they openly stated they were going to do what they are doing now at a time where no Arabs were threatening them, but still it's somehow the Arabs fault for that?  Seriously?
*You* gave the example.
You could watch a Palestinian family kicked out of their home they own with all their stuff today, and you just don’t give a shit. Wqcky
Well appreciate the heads up, good luck on that anyways I guess
You are very kind sir/madam, I’m forever in their debt.
Um... Libya was going to start selling oil in Gold Dinar (their own money) and 3 years later Hillary went on tv and laughingly said "we came, we saw, he died".

Gaddafi was in power for 35 years and lasted for 3 after saying out loud that he planned on shifting away from USD.

That's a civil war just like the bay of pigs was.
I never said that they *weren’t*, you dumbass.
Of course I need to be rude. People like you hold an overwhelming majority in society, and you're so used to not being questioned about your ideas and beliefs that you have no idea how to think for yourselves. When policies in government are put in place by religious nut-jobs that effect my life,you should be damn sure I'm gonna pull up every bit of verbal ammo I can to expose your poor critical thinking
The Wikipedia page had no Archeological evidence on it,and If all the evidence is contained within articles you have to pay to get access to...how do you know what's in them ? Have you paid for these articles before ?
So you've already seen one example of God violating free will. He also personally appeared to Saul on the road to Damascus,so clearly he didn't mind showing himself and violating free will there. And on the topic of Satan, all the bible has is claims about how evil Satan is,and yet the God of the Bible is the most immoral thug there is. Seriously, what is the most severe crime that Satan commits in the Bible,in your opinion?
>I don't have sympathy for Hamas, 

Your words and thoughts don't reflect that.

>and if you can't understand simple words,

It seems you are unable to understand simple facts.

>you shouldn't even try to reply. Hamas and Israel are very similar in their actions.

Hamas and Israel are not even close to being the same. One is a terrorist organisation and the other is a country fighting for it's very survival, surrounded by enemies that would happily wipe them out given the chance.

The only one harming civilians is Hamas. They live amongat civilians using them as meat shields. That's a crime. That's what leads to civilians dying.
You still seem to think terrorism primarily targeting civilians is a reasonable response.

Let me guess, you are one of those “the US deserved 9/11” dipshits
Palestine and Israel have both committed war crimes, only Palestinians decided to commit mass terrorism.

If Israel starts killing hordes of people en masse and posting it to social media to celebrate it you will have a leg to stand on.

Till then you are just another terrorist bootlicker.
Yea. And we're guilty of everything Israel is on a much larger scale. Kinda explains why we're constantly giving weapons to them. Like father like son.
There is no circumstance where shooting a child is okay.  It's also literally a war crime even if someone didn't have their own personal sense of morality about it.

If you are shooting at a child to get at someone behind them you are still a piece of shit.
Seek mental help
Is this theatre in the round now?
>In a sea of people calling for the genocide of Palestinian people

They can get fucked just as much as you can. 

>You have yet to admit that your concern was only a reaction to seeing the headlines about people partying being killed.

Again with the assumptions about my inner thoughts to support your own arguments. 

>You have not examined this conflict at even an elementary level, expressing an opinion about it is a trend you are jumping on.

Oh, really? Because you said you weren't expecting me to come at you with genuine discourse, so my dumbass must have been convincing enough to at least fool you for a second. By my calculations, that makes you even dumber than me. Quit hitting yourself.

>The assumptions I made that you are just a reactionary are spot on.

Are you watching me, you fucking goober?

>It was my bad to concede against a spinless prick like you, I should know better.

It was your bad to speak in the first place. I see r/CombatFootage already told you that yesterday.
This. This is why people don't think you deserve your job. You clearly are a diversity hire and nothing else.
Try to follow along… it might be a little difficult but I 🌈 believe in you 🌈 

I said, “citing biased sources.” As in, there is at least *one* biased source. Also note I did not say, “*all* your sources are biased.” Which would indicate they are *all* biased.

Make sense so far?

Therefore, I was referring to *some* of your sources.

Read a fucking book, bro ☠️ Or quit huffing paint or something. Your poor skull is desperate for some brain cells

You straight up cited the equivalent of Fox News and acting like you aren’t biased as hell ☠️
>Apartheid is a separation of two groups for racist reasons like in South Africa.

You mean like how the Isreal is keeping Palestinians separate for racist reasons?


>Palestinian folks in Gaza are separated because they declared war on and actively try to kill Israelis on a constant basis,

This is false. You're intentionally conflating the Hamas terrorist group with the entire Palestinian population.... Stop being so bad faith. 

>There is nothing racist about Israel's motivations

Prove it's not racist. Your bullshit about "defending itself" doesn't qualify as proof. Given the fact that Isreal has killed/injured far more civilians than Hamas has.
english is not my first language I don't understand big words
An intelligent person wouldn’t be using pedantry to fight an argument for an apartheid state. Fuck off, racist prick.
Got it so a country gets their version of 9/11 and you don’t care because you fell for terrorist propaganda.
Honestly a horrible take from your side and what a horrible person you must be. With your logic everyone in the whole of gaza knew about the attacks and should have warned Israel, because they didnt they deserve to get genocided, men women children alike is basically what you are saying.
You can't possibly be that daft.
You do realise that you can do a mass slaughter without the mass slaughter is large enough to counteract the populatio growth, right?

Its like, if you had a salary of 100000 a year, but burnt 80000 a year, you still have a net gain of 20000. Your net gain doesnt mean you never did any spending.
Bro, there are videos of IDF soldiers spitting on Palestinians, beating them, tying them up, torturing them, and executing them. There's also videos of IDF removing Palestinian grandmas from their houses, throwing all their possessions into the streets, and then moving a new Jewish family into the same house. Israel fucking sucks just as much or more than Hamas. And Israel has killed *far* more innocents which automatically makes them worse.
>Should the Jews just give up and let themselves be slaughtered? AGAIN

That have every right to defend themselves against countries that want to invade. Gaza is a prison camp and not an invader. 



>do you think the Germans were correct in doing what they did considering they had many of the same arguments you do?

Ironic metafor as you're defending the powerfull militaristic invader that holds an entire country in prison camps.
I had trouble finding a better word.  Idk
> Which to me means you're looking to play a game of denying sources.

Once again you proved me correct. It’s a literal first hand account but alright. Can you just admit that no source would be enough for you? I’m guessing you can’t even admit that. 

I can also see others have provided you other sources 

> There's a reason 0 major news outlets are not reporting anything about rapes

So according to you literally every major media outlet is reporting it? Lol. Alright buddy. Thanks for proving yourself as someone who can’t overcome their bias.
Nazi
SHAME
So you're saying Palestine didn't and doesn't have a right to exist?

Are you also OK saying Ukraine doesn't have a right to exist? That they aren't in the right to defend their existence against Russia? 

That's a bold position.
Israel provided warnings for the areas that were about to be attacked by air strikes and also advised on specific safe areas. Flee there. 

Yea I wonder why Israel doesn’t just allow Palestinians to cross into their land, literally the same day hundreds of Hamas fighters had invaded them and slaughtered hundreds of civilians?! What a mystery why they wouldn’t want open borders like they had before, when terror attacks were almost daily occurrence?

Maybe ask yourself why Egypt is doing exactly the same thing and has closed their borders to the Gaza Strip? Ah, it’s for the same reason because it leads to terrorist attacks, but yea all Israel’s fault.
Hamas has the eradication of all jews in it's charter. Hamas uses mass stabbings, vehicular massacres, suicide bombing, rocket attacks, and other methods to kill as many Israeli civilians as they can. The IDF has done a great job preventing this, though in it's retaliations often causes collateral damage.
Nah your just dumb as hell.
Dude, you can stop at any time… you only give a shit about this because, “oh no, the poor Israelis got attacked”.
>Never believe that anti-Semites are completely unaware of the absurdity of their replies. They know that their remarks are frivolous, open to challenge. But they are amusing themselves, for it is their adversary who is obliged to use words responsibly, since he believes in words. The anti-Semites have the right to play. They even like to play with discourse for, by giving ridiculous reasons, they discredit the seriousness of their interlocutors. They delight in acting in bad faith, since they seek not to persuade by sound argument but to intimidate and disconcert. If you press them too closely, they will abruptly fall silent, loftily indicating by some phrase that the time for argument is past.
I'll address your closing statement. You defend terrorists in every word of your post. 
I'm not a Jew hater, I hate Israeli actions and the commission of a genocide.
Lastly, your bronze age god, which was previously a stone age Canaanite battle god, is make-believe.
By your shitty logic every single war that was ended with the signing of treaty ended peacefully. 

I guess the both world wars ended peacefully.
I literally perused the AP News link you posted.  Just admit you're Israeli or something - I swear I've not seen simping this hard since MAGA.
>First Zionist Congress in 1897 in Basel, that their plan was to displace the Arabs in Palestine by force.

got a source on that? wasnt the plan to obtain obtain the land diplomatically by buying the land from ottomans?
You can watch a group of people support, fund and elect terrorists to murder children in the streets, wacky.
Now you're getting it.
I don't think self proclaimed Christians and true Christians have much in common to be honest. There is a huge difference, true Christians are really a minority group, always was and always will.

I hope someday you understand it, tho the chance is really slim.

A true Christian would never mingle with politics, some jews expected Jesus to change the political landscape, all he did was like: "have faith in me and allow me to transform your life". Just like the jews back then, self proclaimed Christians today expect that the messiah "burns the enemy"

See the difference? This is beautiful my man, at least in my eyes.
I would say probably tempting adam and eve to eat the fruit leading to the downfall of humanity
>Your words and thoughts don't reflect that.

You can't read.

>Hamas and Israel are not even close to being the same. One is a terrorist organisation and the other is a country fighting for it's very survival, surrounded by enemies that would happily wipe them out given the chance.

One is a terrorist organisation and another is a terrorist state, that should've never been created in the Middle East in the first place in spite of the will of the local people.
Well, pretty convenient to select what you’d like to be outraged about.  Virtue signaling at its finest.
You have only been reacting to anything I've said. 

You have added no further context or any substance, to any degree. You are a troll. And I knew you were a troll, my assumption was simply right, justifying my attitude. 

R/combatfootage is flooded by Zionists, any comment I replied to was calling for the indesciminate killings of Palestinians, based on the reaction that the spectacles you have brought up caused. If you want browse the comments on the posts there, not that I would advise it.

So yes, you are are reactionary fool, using the same talking points. Nothing discerned you from them till I made it apparent that the discussion should be about conditions and not affects. Then you conceded, while being all grumpy about my previous attitude, still pretending that your care wasn't fueled by the bias which every human has but not everyone is conscious of. 

You are a stubborn troll.
>citing biased sources

This means I cited more than 1 biased source. The word "sources" is plural, meaning more than one. Also the word *some* implies more than one. 

If you meant *a* biased source, you'd have said what the biased source is.

Because none of the 3 I mentioned are biased towards Palestine. 2 of them are NGOs and the 3rd is a news outlet that's biased towards the Turkish government who's allied with Israel.

If I'd have cited a source biased towards Palestine, sure.


[Here, some examples and definitions for the word "some"](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/some)
>You mean like how the Isreal is keeping Palestinians separate for racist reasons?

Evidence of that? West Bank Palestinians live free and clear not subject to the conditions of people in Gaza because their government is not militaristic.

>This is false. You're intentionally conflating the Hamas terrorist group with the entire Palestinian population.... Stop being so bad faith.

Hamas is the result of a democratic election and Palestinians have at no point openly stated any opposition to or rebelled against the actions of Hamas, so they are complicit in the terror inflicted on Israeli people. BTW - you make it as though Israelis are all a monolith, why not the same for Palestinian people?

>Prove it's not racist. Your bullshit about "defending itself" doesn't qualify as proof. Given the fact that Isreal has killed/injured far more civilians than Hamas has.

Why does the number of people dead matter? A weaker attacker is provoking a stronger defender. More Palestinians die because Israel's military is more effective, not because one side hates the other more or is more racist.
Lol dude I never mentioned race once, can you share whatever drugs you're on with me I want to go into outer space too
First of all, 9/11 didn’t justify the terrible acts committed against hundreds of thousands by the US. Not to mention that the US conveniently ignored the actual perpetrators because they were a useful partner.

Secondly, I can see that you aren’t open to discussion, which is sad but not surprising. I can only pity you and hope you will, one day, learn to read about things before getting into arguments about them.
Exactly what’s happening on reddit right now.
You never even used the word genocide in your reply.
In terms of optics, an bloody airstrike will never play as well as a young woman being kidnapped or a family being held hostage. That’s just the truth. A dead naked female tourist being spit on and images of beheaded soldiers are stuck in the minds of people around the world. Significantly more impactful and memorable. Especially when the IDFs attacks are sporadic and spread apart so the public has time to forget. Who you think is worse is not objective or relevant. The bottomline is attacking Israeli civilians in a massive savage attack like this played right into the Israeli narrative and will be propaganda fuel for years to come.
Not recognizing Israel’s right to exist and Jews rights to live in their ancestral lands is yet another example of your antisemitism. 

Obviously the only solution is a two state solution -  something which the Arabs have worked against since Israel’s inception. 

But keep on calling the Jews Nazis, again a very antisemitic position to take.
It's a fucked up situation all the way around, I'm avoiding most media. I don't need the graphic depictions because it is not new, just been on pause. I've seen it before, over decades representing events that were currently happening and recorded over centuries. 
If you're interested or bored, search "Hebron Massacre.. ", then decide on which one to start with.
> It’s a literal first hand account but alright

Please explain to me the logistics of how a person who was in Philadelphia has a first hand account of events that happened in Israel. 

>So according to you literally every major media outlet is reporting it? Lol. Alright buddy. Thanks for proving yourself as someone who can’t overcome their bias.

Unintelligible.
lol
None of them have rights to exist.  States dont have rights.  Humans have rights.  States are an abstraction, a tool, which may serve human rights but do not have rights that take priority over human rights.
Buckle up bitch.

>Israel provided warnings for the areas that were about to be attacked by air strikes and also advised on specific safe areas. Flee there.

[Israel's "warnings" include firing fucking rockets at buildings](https://theweek.com/world-news/middle-east/59444/knock-on-the-roof-how-does-israel-warn-of-airstrikes)

>Yea I wonder why Israel doesn’t just allow Palestinians to cross into their land, literally the same day hundreds of Hamas fighters had invaded them and slaughtered hundreds of civilians?!

These were literally SETTLERS ILLEGALLY SQUATTING & HAVING A PARTY ON PALESTINIAN FUCKING LAND. It is Palestine's land that *Israel* is crossing into, invading them & slaughtering hundreds of civilians.

>Maybe ask yourself why Egypt is doing exactly the same thing and has closed their borders to the Gaza Strip? Ah, it’s for the same reason because it leads to terrorist attacks, but yea all Israel’s fault.

Egypt [is literally required by Israeli treaty to provide only one border crossing that Israel may frustrate or shut down at any point.](https://www.aljazeera.com/amp/news/2023/10/9/rafah-crossing-between-gaza-and-egypt-disrupted-by-israeli-air-raids) Before Israeli occupation, when Egypt controlled the region *there was no border wall.*

No matter how you slice it & no matter your position, the plight of Palestinian people is the direct result of an unprecedented level of *malice* leaking from Israel's strategy in the region.
So idf that has been reducing palestine state every year isnt the one that want to eradicate the other races? The one that forcefully removed the same people from their own homes while putting european jew in that same home isnt the one that actively trying to eradicate. You can say all of those but actions speak louder numbers above speak louder, shit. You know that in palestine state (not israel state) there is more jews there than arabs, so you want to tell me the population that keep growing is the one that getting eridicated?
You have no argument, you are just angry that we Jews "dare" defend our lives but you can't write that... And secondly, you are dense as anti-Semites are, Canaanites had pagan gods of wood and stone, our God is the Creator of the universe and life. He has no physical form, He created matter, He is not matter. Our God was, God is and God will be- he watches over the nation of Israel and that's why our nation will live on forever. !עם ישראל חי
>By your shitty logic every single war that was ended with the signing of treaty ended peacefully. 

what a terrible analogy. the fact that those wars happened in the first place shows that the underlying problems were not resolved peacefully. apartheid was ended peacefully, as opposed to, say, slavery in the us, which ended due to a civil war

>I guess the both world wars ended peacefully.

the second world war ended with germany and japan unconditionally surrendering, not with a treaty lmao

edit: and come on dude, since you're clearly drawing a comparison to the israel-palestine conflict, apartheid in south africa was *absolutely* ended peacefully relative to that and it's silly to claim otherwise
And now you’re embarrassing yourself by making assumptions twice. I’m very much American. Again you missed the point you said somethings not valid when you have no idea about the publication. That’s an issue now your assuming about my nationality and are wrong. Please stop making a fool of yourself
They practically started by buying land (in contravention of the customary laws of the area) primarily with money from wealthy European Jews.  They then then evicted all Arabs on the land and banned Arabs from being allowed to work on the land they had lived in for generations.  The land system in the Ottoman Empire wasn't what we think of in the west.  It was much closer to serfdom where families would work the land and pay rent to the landowner, sometimes for hundreds of years.  However, the stated goal from the start was displacement.  Herzl openly stated that he felt is was acceptable because Arabs were "non-Europeans", and he considered Jews to be European.  A bit of a foreshadowing of some equally disgusting sentiments by a man with a funny moustache.

As for source materials, I would recommend:

[Zionism and Palestine before the First world War](https://publishing.cdlib.org/ucpressebooks/view?docId=ft6b69p0hf&chunk.id=ch1&toc.depth=1&toc.id=ch1&brand=ucpress)

Herzl published a book in 1896, which served as the basis for Zionism, titled: *The Jewish State: An Attempt to a Modern Solution of the Jewish Question*.  It's worth noting, that what Herzl wrote in this book was a much toned down version compared to what he wrote in his diary, and said in his speeches and other less formal writing - most likely to seem reasonable

I would also strongly recommend the [Fear & Loathing in the New Jerusalem](https://martyrmade.com/fear-loathing-in-the-new-jerusalem/) series from the Martyrmade Podcast.  It's by far the most balanced accounting of the process that I've seen (no sides are taken), and is really well researched (usually from primary sources).  It was my starting point for finding new reference material.
Israel has the a much higher child murder body count. 5,000 Palestinians dead since 2008. 300 Israelis.

Nobody condones terrorisim. But the cruel way they have been treated - subjugated, in prisoned. 50% unemployment. Because of Israeli occupation - it’s inevitable. 

You create a nation of desperate people that can’t leave - bomb them constantly. Make them miserable. Control their water, food and electricity. Then kill or injure thousands every year. What do you expect?
Can you just go ahead and say what you want to? You clearly have this scripted out in your head. It's difficult to communicate with you because of that reliance to your script btw
Ah yeah,the No-true-scotsman fallacy. Everyone else is wrong about Christianity,but YOU'RE right. How nice for you to live in such ignorance
Right, well if you wanna be pedantic that was a serpant (even though pretty much all biblical scholars say it represents Satan), but do you know what God said would happen if they ate the fruit of the forbidden tree ?
>You can't read.

No. You just know how to make pathetic excuses to try and justify your nonsense. You want to pretend like you condemn both sides but are obsessed with only one.

>One is a terrorist organisation and another is a terrorist state, that should've never been created in the Middle East in the first place in spite of the will of the local people.

Israel is no terrorist state. It's a state defending itself from terrorism. And it's not their fault that the UK made a whole mess of the region in line with their colonial tradition. It happened and now Israel needs to defend itself otherwise they will get slaughtered.
Lol you are such an idiot. It would take a doctoral thesis to talk about all the nations America has fucked over. This is a thread about Israels crimes, not Americas. Although that being said America is directly responsible for arming and propping up the current state of Israel.
>You have only been reacting to anything I've said. 

Yeah, I'm talking to you. You criticized me for editing a comment to mention your stealth editing because we're the only ones that are going to see this. Now, you're upset because I'm having a direct conversation with you? Make your mind up.

>You have added no further context or any substance, to any degree. You are a troll. And I knew you were a troll, my assumption was simply right, justifying my attitude.

And you have been about this level of insulting through out the conversation. My initial response to you was sarcastic, but then I tried to have a genuine discussion with you (you know, the one you are clearly very embarrassed about slamming the door on because now you're having to act like you KnEw I wAs A tRoLl aLl aLoNg). 

You referred to me as a dog and repeatedly insulted my capability for understanding due to the color of my skin, then whined about how I'm too personally offended to have a discourse with you. I don't know if you have a problem with white people or being questioned, but whatever problem you have is severely affecting your social and rhetorical skills.

>R/combatfootage is flooded by Zionists, any comment I replied to was calling for the indesciminate killings of Palestinians, based on the reaction that the spectacles you have brought up caused. If you want browse the comments on the posts there, not that I would advise it.

https://reddit.com/r/CombatFootage/s/ecCoC2XKmI

https://reddit.com/r/CombatFootage/s/S8l9nFPtS9

https://reddit.com/r/CombatFootage/s/iijY1NqiOe

https://reddit.com/r/CombatFootage/s/ddERVgpyqi

Liar. Here's your issue: you can't even claim discrimination without exaggerating it. 

If you had said something to the extent of "I saw a lot of comments calling for the killing of Palestinians and emotions were running high", I couldn't blame you for that because I have also been disgusted by the calls for the indiscriminate killings of Palestinians in response. There's another thread I wanted to link to, but you can't link to comment threads on posts that have been removed by Reddit.

But you did not say something to the extent of "I saw a lot of comments calling for the killing of Palestinians and emotions were running high". You claimed that every comment you responded to was calling for the killings of Palestinians and yet I was able to link four comments that you responded to by defending Hamas or condemning Israel even though they said nothing towards the Palestinians or actually expressed remorse at the fact that an attack like that would likely only lead to increased Palestinian suffering.

I do believe that you saw comments from people calling for the deaths of Palestinians because some comments you responded to had been taken down by Reddit. Your feelings are valid. Those calls for harm to the Palestinians are just as disgusting as any call to harm the Israelis.

>So yes, you are are reactionary fool, using the same talking points. 

Why, I couldn't memorize a talking point to save my life. Why you ask? Of course, it's my obvious foolishness, but you knew that, didn't you? I really hope you read those last three sentences because I was trying to be really really obnoxious all at once.

>Nothing discerned you from them till I made it apparent that the discussion should be about conditions and not affects.

Are we waltzing? Get your hand off my back.

>Then you conceded

Let me be clear: no. You are looking at an incredibly nuanced and historied dilemma and still managing to be at least two thirds wrong just on the basis of 1) turning a blind eye to killings 2) because they happened to people who aren't like you. That's no better than the cruel Israelis that occupy your mind and their government.

>while being all grumpy about my previous attitude

*Awwwwww* are you all *saaaaaad* because I told you *noooooo* because you said *Israel had it coming* shut up

>still pretending that your care wasn't fueled by the bias which every human has but not everyone is conscious of

True.

>You are a stubborn troll.

Bet.
>Evidence of that? West Bank Palestinians live free and clear not subject to the conditions of people in Gaza because their government is not militaristic.

This is completely false. West Bank Palestinians are subjected to checkpoints. They've had their homes stolen by Israeli "settlers". And they're not allowed to vote. They live under an apartheid state.

>Hamas is the result of a democratic election and Palestinians have at no point openly stated any opposition to or rebelled against the actions of Hamas, so they are complicit in the terror inflicted on Israeli people.

*"The entire white population in america hasn't openly stated their opposition to the KKK. Therefore, they're complicit."* - that's quite the brain dead take, don't you agree?

>BTW - you make it as though Israelis are all a monolith, why not the same for Palestinian people?

False. I've made no generalization about the entire Isreali population. I'm simply stating the facts about what the Isreali gov't has done to the Palestinian people. You're the one here making the large generalizations.....

>Why does the number of people dead matter? A weaker attacker is provoking a stronger defender. More Palestinians die because Israel's military is more effective, not because one side hates the other more or is more racist.

You can't really claim that Isreal is the defender here..... Not when they've subjugated the Palestinian people. Next you're going to tell me that the confederacy was the defender when they succeeded from America because they wanted to keep their slaves.... What idiotic logic.
Oh so you know nothing about the conflict all of the sudden. Lmao you are a fallacious tit.
The bias against Palestine is pretty insane
Yeah, a lot of the world consists of pieces of shit.
Optics schmoptics.. 
Innocents are getting splattered on Global live tv and you're conerned with marketing?

40,000 Palestinians have been killed by Israel since 2017, including thousands of women and kids. 

Were you this concerned with optics when tens of thousands of our fellow humans died, or are Palestinians not human?
>Not recognizing Israel’s right to exist and Jews rights to live in their ancestral lands is yet another example of your antisemitism. 

Ok, if you're deciding what I have said: go talk to your imaginary version of me!

Genocide bad, it's not that hard.

>Obviously the only solution is a two state solution -

Yes!! And settlements, constant bombing of children's hospitals, blocking medicine transports make that impossible. Israel doesn't want two states, they will not stop till every Palestinian is killed.

>something which the Arabs have worked against since Israel’s inception. 

And something Israël is making impossible every day.

>But keep on calling the Jews Nazis, again a very antisemitic position to take.

If you want me to have said that! Fine! Have a discussion with your imaginary version of me while defending genocide!
>  I've seen people and women my age being kidnapped and raped and people being decapitated," said Ankri

Ask her. There are many ways I can think of. 

Also you said every major news organization has reported rape (if 0 are not reporting it then all of them are reporting it). So take one of their reports. I’ve seen other people respond to you with other sources. 

If you’ve seen tons of sources and still refuse to accept it? Jew hating Troll confirmed. Have a good one.
Not even sure what you’re talking about at this point so I’ll end this here.
The warnings also include posts on social media and dropping leaflets, roof knocking is only the last warning before the strike. 

The 260 people that were slaughtered at the festival were settlers? Hamas specifically targets civilians, abducts, rapes and massacres them and then parades their corpses through their cities so their people can spit on them and further desecrate their bodies. 

Israel can’t shut down the Egyptian border crossing, Egypt closes it as it sees fit. 

Nice that after Hamas specifically targets civilians, kills hundreds of them and then hides behind its own civilians you still talk about Israel’s malice. Sad.
I never said Israeli jews are being eradicated, i said that is the goal of Hamas, which is true. There is also a large palestinian population in Israel that is allowed the same rights as jews, and there are many palestinian arabs in Israels government. The palestinian population is steadily growing. The fact is that if Hamas had power they would have eradicated all the jews, whilst now that Israel has power the palestinians are still growing in population and have rights within Israel.
The argument is that you're not defending your lives by invading Palestine and committing war crimes, including targeting children intentionally, for the past 15 years as documented by the UN and a variety of global humanitarian organizations. 

As it turns out, Jahweh was indeed a Canaanite battle god. The historicity is very clear. All gods are made up, yours included. Which makes the murder of children in the name of your God all the more sad.
Lmao your second sentence is my whole point. 

Thanks for agreeing
I'm done watching you cope and seethe.  Please get better.  I'll send help, just hold on.
If you really don't understand what I just did and how hilarious you not getting it is in retrospect explaining it now just seems like a waste of time.
I'm not the one angry here, I'm not the one trying to stop other people from existing or changing their beliefs. I'm just trying to open your mind that some people have other world views. We can coexist.
Yes. He said they would die.
Hey, whatever helps you sleep at night
>This is completely false. West Bank Palestinians are subjected to checkpoints. They've had their homes stolen by Israeli "settlers". And they're not allowed to vote. They live under an apartheid state.

Which are better conditions than in Gaza because they work in coopoeration with Israel. Their homes are not being stolen by Israeli settlers, but I agree that Israeli encroachment on their land is problematic and should end. They can't vote in Israel because they don't live in Israel, they live in their own, unincorporated territory not governed by the Israeli government.

>"The entire white population in america hasn't openly stated their opposition to the KKK. Therefore, they're complicit." - that's quite the brain dead take, don't you agree?

This analogy is horrible. The KKK isn't a governmental entity engaging in active terrorism. It's just a hate group with no influence over the overall fabric of America. Hamas is the controlling entity in Gaza and there is no public condemnation of Hamas by Palestinian people.

>You can't really claim that Isreal is the defender here..... Not when they've subjugated the Palestinian people. Next you're going to tell me that the confederacy was the defender when they succeeded from America because they wanted to keep their slaves.... What idiotic logic.

The subjugation is a result of constant attacks and threats of attack by Palestinian. It is not *racist* in nature a la apartheid.

Finally, do you actually believe that any of this justifies the indiscriminate rape, torture, and murder of 1,000's of Israelis?
I didn't mention race, you have to be objective on that

I hold my feelings on the conflict separate from the cold hard facts
Seems pretty justified tbh
Idk if you are trolling, but I’ll bite. I literally said in my prior reply that Gaza was winning the war of optics prior to this attack so I was focused on that when the shoe was on the other foot. I pointed out the optics since the concept is extremely important in global conflicts and global politics (especially with such a divisive topic like this). One look into conflicts from the last 100 years will tell you that. If you don’t like that reality…Idk what else to tell you.
Go have a good think about your despicable views. I’ve never said that genocide is good, but YOU are equating Israelis existing to genocide.

Do you think the Jews have a right to live in Israel? It’s a really easy question.
>said that is the goal of Hamas,

And your source is? Everytime result of google search of hamas goal that is obviously not biased never mentioned anything about eradication jewish people
There's no such country as "Palestine". Israelis won Gaza from EGYPT after they invaded Israel. Jews lived in Gaza as well, they lived in Gaza and the West Bank and they were forcibly thrown out whether by the Arabs or the Israeli government, but there never was a "Palestinian" government or Palestinian Arab nation. The fact is that Israel threw out their own citizens from their home and gave the land to the Muslim Arabs to govern. The Muslims turned it into a hotbed of terrorism. If the violent Muslim Arabs living in Gaza wouldn't attack Israelis all the time, they wouldn't commit terror all the time, Israel wouldn't "retaliate"! Which I mentioned earlier that retaliation is stupid, trying to destroy terrorist infastructure all the time is stupid because Gaza is run by terrorists and the minute Israel stops it's anti-terrorism campaigns, the terrorists are back operating in full swing. So Israel needs to go back in there forever and make sure there's no terrorism flaurishing there ( I know that sounds terrible- Israel needs to ignore terrorists and terrorism...)

The "war crimes" Israelis commit is defending Jewish lives against terrorists which equals "commiting war crimes" according to you and all anti-Semites. Jews simply have to let themselves be murdered and that's the only way we won't commit "war crimes"...

You don't understand what the "Hebrew God" that we Jews worship, is about. Just like the name "God" can also be used for other pagan gods, other names that we Jews use for God, such Elokim, etc., were also used for pagan gods. We call the Creator with names humans also use/used for pagan  deities, which include God, Elokim, Y-H-W-H, there are many names used as reference to the Creator. According to Judaism, God, or any way you call Him, is the Creator of the universe, not particularly "a war god". God has no form, He was and will always be. God is One, there is no Other god besides the One true God. Unlike the Canaanites who worshipped (it's a theory and not proven though but if you believe it as a fact ) a god they called Jahwe, but it was one of their many gods. And as I said, names we refer to the Creator of the world have nothing to do with how pagans refered to and viewed their own pagan gods, it's simply Biblical times deity terminology.
i don't think you even have a point. i'm still no closer to figuring out why you bothered to reply to a comment about how south africa is the poster child for apartheid with a belligerent question about whether it ended peacefully

and to reiterate: since you're clearly drawing a comparison to the israel-palestine conflict, apartheid in south africa was absolutely ended peacefully relative to that and it's silly to claim otherwise

And you blocked me ofc.

Lmao and he unblocked me so he could try to get the last word in a second time but i beat him to the punch. Stay mad about it
Lol you keep having to personally attack me instead of my argument… great conversation
Is that because you can't explain it or you think talking to others who don't think the exact same way as you is pointless or something else?
No we can't. Do you believe a woman has the right to terminate a pregnancy?
Not just that,he said they would surely die this day,and Satan said God was lying. Did they die when they ate the fruit ?
You’re not even making an argument. You’re just rambling in a fetal Jordan-Peterson esque manner. 

Waahhh I only think in facts! I’m a stupid idiot computer who needs precise inputs or my brain doesn’t work!
No offence meant, but that sounds like the opinion of someone who is only knowledgeable about the current fighting, but less so about the long term context of the conflict.
Seems odd to be discussing public sentiment while bombs are splattering innocents..
>Go have a good think about your despicable views

I thought about it and i still think shooting kids, bombing hospitals and keeping an entire population prisoner is bad.

>but YOU are equating Israelis existing to genocide.

No!! Where did I say that? You're argueing against an imaginary person. 

I just think they should retract behind internationally agreed upon borders, give the settlements back, stop bombing hospitals and stop shooting kids. 

They have every right to defend themselves, defending doesn't mean bombing hospitals.

>Do you think the Jews have a right to live in Israel? It’s a really easy question.

I think by now a two state solution is indeed the most realistic option and Israel is the deciding power opposing that now.
The covenant of Hamas:

'[Peace] initiatives, and so-called peaceful solutions and international conferences are in contradiction to the principles of the Islamic Resistance Movement... Those conferences are no more than a means to appoint the infidels as arbitrators in the lands of Islam... There is no solution for the Palestinian problem except by Jihad. Initiatives, proposals and international conferences are but a waste of time, an exercise in futility.' (Article 13) 



'The Day of Judgment will not come about until Moslems fight Jews and kill them. Then, the Jews will hide behind rocks and trees,  and  the rocks and trees will cry out: 'O Moslem, there is a Jew hiding behind me, come and kill him.' (Article 7)



'The enemies have  been  scheming  for  a  long  time  ...  and  have accumulated huge and influential material wealth. With  their  money, they took control of the world media... With their money they stirred revolutions in various parts of the globe... They  stood  behind  the French  Revolution,  the  Communist  Revolution  and  most   of   the revolutions we hear about... With  their  money  they  formed  secret organizations - such as the Freemasons, Rotary Clubs and the Lions  - which are spreading around the world, in order to  destroy  societies and carry out Zionist interests... They stood behind World War I  ... and formed the League of Nations through which they  could  rule  the world. They were behind World War II, through which  they  made  huge financial gains... There is no war going  on  anywhere  without  them having their finger in it.' (Article 22)
Your mythos is what it is but historically, speaking about facts, the pre-Abrahamic god that became Yahweh, Elohim, whatever you want to call it, was indeed a Canaanite tribal god of war. Just so happened to be the one the future-Israelites selected to be their monotheistic god. What's not historically clear is whether this was always that tribe's god or if they were conquered and thereby inherited that god.

Also I have to say it is ridiculously amusing that you're like "nah our god is different he isn't one of those made up gods" it is just unreal how humans can delude themselves.
>the fact that those wars happened in the first place shows that the underlying problems were not resolved peacefully. 

What you're seeing right now with Israel and Palestine is because of this. The apartheid ended specifically because of this. You're purposely misunderstanding for the sake of argument when you yourself understand my point LMAO.

So again thanks.

Peace with the threat of total violence is only considered peace in the same vein as a completed genocide would be peace. Get real please.

And you blocked me ofc.


Lmao and he made a alt to comment and block me again.
I made a direct analogy to your immediately preceding post, you responded with my argument, and then got confused when everyone clapped. I don't really know what else to say.
You have the right, I don't. It's that simple.
Yes. They did.
You really have no clue who I am man, stop trying to figure me out
Also just stop resorting to personal attacks, it takes away from any credibility your argument had to start
It’s all justified honestly because someone always slighted someone else prior. Keep fighting forever never forget an eye for an eye is the only path forward. Context on the conflict is that piece of land has been traded hands via war for thousands of years and now we’ve reached an era where mass communication has allowed us to humanize the ones whose book teaches to exterminate another people.
Listen to any war analyst about any conflict and you will hear the same strategic thinking.
Good we’ve reached some common ground!

Obviously you shouldn’t bomb civilians, but this time around the democratic state of Israel has been attacked by terrorists. They have an intrinsic right to defend themselves. 

They btw don’t attack peaceful music festivals and rape women, film it in telegram and shout God is great.

And the Arab, Palestinians and others have repeatedly rejected the two state solution. It’s the very least a shitty situation and the killing obviously needs to stop but I really think you’re a bit one sided. It’s not as black and white as you think, things rarely are in the real world.
its funny how you pick those 3 article out of 36 article but conveniently left out article that clearly shows that they have no issue with relegion coexist so obviously they are not talking about all of jewish people and instead the jew that oppressed them

Article Six:

The Islamic Resistance Movement is a distinguished Palestinian movement, whose allegiance is to Allah, and whose way of life is Islam. It strives to raise the banner of Allah over every inch of Palestine, for under the wing of Islam followers of all religions can coexist in security and safety where their lives, possessions and rights are concerned. In the absence of Islam, strife will be rife, oppression spreads, evil prevails and schisms and wars will break out.

Article Ten:

As the Islamic Resistance Movement paves its way, it will back the oppressed and support the wronged with all its might. It will spare no effort to bring about justice and defeat injustice, in word and deed, in this place and everywhere it can reach and have influence therein.

&#x200B;

with a quick google search the article 7 actually comes from hadith, but was taken out of context, it was talking about when anti-christ(dajjal) will comes, the jewish people would be the first one to follow him, which at that point war will commerce between anti christ believer and opposser, which in islam during that doomsday the anti christ follower will lose.

im not really sure how does the article 22 have anything to do with ur argument
God doesn't change, the Creator of the universe doesn't change according to how people perceive Him so it's not relevant if the Hebrews decided to "change" their perception of God. The Creator doesn't change and this is what we believe,

But the fact is that in our Torah and the entire Tanach, there is never mention of Hebrews believing in the god you mentioned, the war god... God is written in the Judaic texts as is, the Creator and Sustainer of the universe and life, and there is  none like Him and He is not physical. This is the God of the Jews. That you and many "historians" decided to "merge" this Canannanite pagan god together with what Hebrews supposedly believed in, according to your non-proofs, despite the fact that it totally contradicts what clearly says in the Torah which was given to us over 3,000 years ago, does not mean it was the reality. It is based on absolutely ZERO PROOF, only your fantasies. If you have proof that the Hebrews "changed their definition of God"and "worshipped the war god" please provide it.

You clearly do not understand that saying the word god, for example, or any other names pf deities can imply pagan gods, idols AND ALSO we can call the Creator "God" as well. One has absolutely nothing to do with the other besides for it being deities that people believe in. But as I've seen time and time again, anti-Semites are not the brightest around...
apartheid ended before it could escalate into what we're seeing right now with israel and palestine and was therefore ended peacefully in a relative sense. not sure what's so hard about that for you to understand

>you yourself understand my point

no, i don't. i don't think there even is a point. you're probably just trolling tbh
oh man, it was so funny seeing you unblock me after i responded with my alt, knowing you were obviously about to reply again, and then blocking you to give you a taste of your own medicine. 

the fact that you actually had the audacity to complain about it despite literally doing the same thing minutes earlier makes it all the funnier. gonna block you on this account too for good measure. cope and seethe about it lol
See that's what I mean by you have a script in your head that makes communicating difficult. 

You think I ignored you by directly responding to and trying to clarify your meaning? That's not what ignoring means and I have absolutely no idea why you would think so, unless you intentionally skip my lines and just read off yours (playing into the script metaphor).

Also no ones clapping over dead children shut the fuck up, that's so disrespectful to the Palestinians you act like you have sympathy for.
What do you mean you don't have the right?
They sure as shit didn't. They died eventually,not that day. And also,what knowledge was contained within the tree ?
I don’t need credibility when I’m “arguing” with someone so caught up in their own incompetence that they cannot formulate an argument without fallacy. I don’t give a shit, I’ll drop to your level.
True, I do agree that eye for an eye will never resolve anything.

However, to me it’s clear that one side hold much more power than the other here. If Israel refrained from its expansionist policies a peace deal *might* come about, because the people of Palestine wouldn’t be so out of options. Just my opinion of course.
I absolutely agree that perception is reality, and thus critical to winning hearts and minds..

Apologies if I was rude or obtuse earlier..
>Obviously you shouldn’t bomb civilians, but this time around the democratic state of Israel has been attacked by terrorists. 

We can't treat prisoners lashing out in desperation the same as an organized military using precision equipment to kill kids.

>They have an intrinsic right to defend themselves

Yes. And they are very powerfull. With power comes responsibility.

>They btw don’t attack peaceful music festivals 

They attack children's hospitals. And instead of doing it out of desperation, they do it from a position of power.

The attacks by Hamas  were wrong and unfortunately will be used to justify even bigger retaliations by the idf against even more civilians, from a position of power.
My guy, you're out here talking about god as if it's not make believe and calling history fantasy. Seek help.
Quote where I said anything about you ignoring me. Like seriously man are you ESL or something.
My oath to God bids me to carry a cross, be it a child which is a good thing or a disease. I can't expect non believers to stick to a oath/covenant that I made.
We could argue about the semantics of what "death" means in this instance all day. 

The Bible describes it as the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. And then after they ate it they had the "knowledge" that they were naked.
I have pretty thick skin man I'm a 9/11 survivor, so you gotta try harder
That shut you up didn't it
Just an opinion yes just like mine. Mine says that if my neighbors dog has been trained to attack mine and attacks my dog everyday when my dog defends I don’t blame my dog. You can swap which ever side you want for this to fit narrative but from what I recall besides propaganda and emotional fools acting impulsively nothing about Israel or Jewish people is actually about exterminating another people. Are they a perfect people? No. No people are because we are only in their gods imagine which is flawed. So we have two sets of flawed angry siblings fighting each other. One defends itself and is stronger, the other is weaker and is always on the offensive. I can’t blame either side for acting emotionally but a post like this ignoring all actual history to try to spin a narrative is disgusting. I get that we can’t get all info from a single image which is probably why I so many years ago used reddit for fun and forums but now it’s just another pot to stir to get the jihad rolling across the globe for young kids with no real knowledge or critical thinking skills.
You can’t equate a terrorist group killing civilians to provoke a war to bombing illegal ammunition storages and military targets.

There’s a huge difference between collateral damage and terrorist bombings, which the whole
International community has agreed upon btw. 

Also Hamas uses human shields all the time. Furthermore none of the other Arab states really cares about the Palestinians, they get oppressed in those countries, and the rest of the arabs just uses Palestinians because they hate jews so much.
Firstly, I asked you for proof regarding your Canaanite war god theory, specifically the theory that the Hebrews "adopted" that god- you have no proof. Factual history is based on proof, not on people's fantasy stories. Come back here when you can prove what you claim is "history". 

Secondly, the Creator of the universe is not make believe, He is more reality than you made up of matter. The universe, made up of matter, cannot have come into existence on its own out of nothingness...and that is a scientific fact. Matter cannot come into existence on its own out of nothingness.
Yeah, my first language is Arabic actually
Have you ever voted in any sort of election?
Right,so if they were gaining knowledge of good and evil for the first time after eating from the tree...how were they to know what they were doing was wrong? How can you punish people for something they didn't know was wrong ? They had no understanding of what doing something wrong was, right ?
Israel’s actions seem to say otherwise. Do you know about the settler movement?
I said hospitals.

Bombing hospitals..... 

Bombing hospitals is bad. Killing kids is bad. 

You're defending bombing hospitals here.
[https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0309089209105686#:\~:text=These%20data%20suggest%20that%2C%20before,the%20Canaanite%20guild%20of%20metallurgists](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/0309089209105686#:~:text=These%20data%20suggest%20that%2C%20before,the%20Canaanite%20guild%20of%20metallurgists).

&#x200B;

[https://study.com/academy/lesson/canaanite-religion-overview-gods.html#:\~:text=Yahweh%20was%20the%20Hebrew%20god,rather%20than%20the%20supreme%20deity](https://study.com/academy/lesson/canaanite-religion-overview-gods.html#:~:text=Yahweh%20was%20the%20Hebrew%20god,rather%20than%20the%20supreme%20deity).

&#x200B;

[https://www.haaretz.com/archaeology/2018-04-11/ty-article-magazine/.premium/jewish-god-yahweh-originated-in-canaanite-vulcan-says-new-theory/0000017f-dc86-d3ff-a7ff-fda6aa390000](https://www.haaretz.com/archaeology/2018-04-11/ty-article-magazine/.premium/jewish-god-yahweh-originated-in-canaanite-vulcan-says-new-theory/0000017f-dc86-d3ff-a7ff-fda6aa390000)

&#x200B;

[https://www.christianity.com/wiki/bible/was-yahweh-originally-an-edomite-or-canaanite-god.html](https://www.christianity.com/wiki/bible/was-yahweh-originally-an-edomite-or-canaanite-god.html)

&#x200B;

[https://bigthink.com/the-past/yahweh-god-origins-israel/](https://bigthink.com/the-past/yahweh-god-origins-israel/)

&#x200B;

There are 5 different sources for you regarding the historical tracings of your "creator". Feel free to go from there. There is a significant amount of documentation on this topic from historians, theologians, and scholars.

As to the reality of your religious beliefs, there's no way to logic someone out of a position they didn't logic themselves into, so good luck with your delusions.
I dunno learn English gooder or something I'm not a tutor.
I'm not American. In my country elections are mandatory.
I get what you mean. But it's less about good and evil and more about disobeying God. The Bible doesn't say the fruit was source of literal knowledge of good and evil that's just how it is described.
Is this an assumption that Palestine owns the West Bank?
In that case you are defending flying in to a literal peace music festivals with hippies to kill and rape people. 

You are clearly misrepresenting what I’m saying though. I said there’s a difference between terrorism and war, which as I said is a distinction that the whole world community agrees upon.
Well you'll probably like this racist music since you think like that

[Speak English or Die by SOD](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_q9HV9otUM)
I'm not American either. So your religious beliefs likely play a part in who you vote for,right ?
Okay,well let's switch tactics then. God is maximally knowledgable (he can't be all knowing), and perfect,so he's unchanging. So he created the world,knowing the outcome. He knew Eve would eat the fruit,and he created that world anyway. Right ?
I would expect a very well sourced argument from anyone who does not make that assumption.
>In that case you are defending flying in to a literal peace music festivals with hippies to kill and rape people. 

I said that is bad. I also said it's an outlash of desperation by an imprisoned community and should not be compared to the well-planned mass murder of those in power.

>You are clearly misrepresenting what I’m saying though. I said there’s a difference between terrorism and war

Yea and there's a difference between war and genocide. Shooting at prisoners in a fenced off camp isn't war, it's genocide. Bombing hospitals isn't war, it's mass murder.


Power comes with responsibility and Israel is in power by a large margin.
Surely, if I need to chose between a homophobic and a demagogue, I just void my vote.

Usually I vote for senate and house of representatives. Way easier than choosing a president.

But I am totally assured that politicians are corrupt human being full of lies, it's something I rather stay away.
Yup
I guess just literally google or any history book about it. But I get that other people want it. Wanting it doesn’t make it true or there would be peace on earth I’m sure. After one side finishes it’s genocide I guess.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Six-Day_War
Right,so there is no free will then. If God knew everything before hand,and knows everything that will ever occur,and every so called decision you make...where is the free will?
Not sure what the six day war has to do with it. Israel was founded when Jewish refugees were sent there into a territory already inhabited by Palestinians. That’s called colonialism.
Oh I didn't say I believe in free will. I don't.
Ww2 wasn’t the first war buddy and it certainly hasn’t been the last.
And are you a Christian?
Yup
A Bible believing Christian?
Yup
So how do you pick and choose which parts of the Bible you believe in. If you don't believe in free will,which is brought up in the Bible,then you evidently don't think it's all true. I just wanna know how you discern what's true from what's not true
I believe all of the Bible. There is no discerning necessary
How do you reconcile that with not believing in free will ? It's explicitly mentioned in the Bible
Yeah they are both mentioned, as we've already discussed. 

I guess I believe in both. 

Free will exists. But the freedom is not absolute. I can choose what I have for dinner or what I wear.  But for spiritual matters or wherever God is concerned, his Soverign Will supercedes mine.
But this isn't an issue of God's will. God already knows what's going to happen,so it's already set in stone. God already knows what you're going to wear and what you'll have for dinner. Don't you see the flaw in your thinking there ? You admitted earlier that it doesn't exist,now you're saying it does, but it can't conflict with God's will. Well as I've pointed out, if he knows everything prior to creating the universe,then there's nothing he hadn't forseen,and he's created the universe in that way specifically. You don't have free will no matter how you spin it. Can't you see that ? If I'm wrong,walk me through it
Nope you have it about right
Right. So can you see where your thinking is flawed ? This is my issue with religious beliefs, because no matter how many times I can expose the flaws in the logic,people just ignore the gaps in their thinking because it conflicts with their beliefs. Like is any of this actually sinking in at all,or are you just brushing it off ?
Column A and column B. I know you think you are being really groundbreaking and shaking my faith but I have conversations like this everyday. 

Im not ignoring the gaps. It's a paradox. Does it make sense? Not particularly. But most paradoxes don't. It's like science. I don't know why the math works out that way it just does. You ask and I answer. Idk what else you want from me. 

I don't know why you care so much about other people's beliefs and idk why mine bother you so much.
Faith is absolutely useless. You don't care about what's true,you care about what feels good. That's fine,but people with crazy views don't live in a vacuum. Their flawed thinking manifests into actions and choices,choices that effect me and the people around me. In the US women are fighting for the right to bodily autonomy,and the vast majority of the people lobbying to take it away come from the same group of flawed thinkers as you do. Do you not see how that's concerning ? Or are you just ignoring reality across the board


I'd like to add as well,just because YOU don't understand the Maths,doesn't mean it's a paradox. That's an argument from ignorance
The way science works is that sometimes we don't know why it works we just know it does. That is what I was referencing. 

Faith only has as much value as we assign to it. It is useless to you but it is everything to me. 

I am no threat to bodily autonomy in America. Not even American.
1) No,because we don't yet understand something, doesn't mean it's a paradox,it means we don't know the answer

2) No it isn't, faith is the excuse people give for believing something for no good reason. There is no position you can't take on faith,which means it's unreliable 

3) You're missing the point on purpose, I suspect. You're Canadian presumably, and there are plenty of religious groups in Canada who seek the same sorts of restrictions. Gay marriage has only existed there since around 2005, and that received a lot of religious push-back. Ideas,breed, policies.
Gay marriage received pushback from a lot of folks, including prominent modern day politicians on both sides of the aisle. LGBTQ2S+ rights are not in danger in canada.
Again,missing the point. It's not just the LGBTQ+ issue. And you know it. I'm just bewildered that you brush everything off,even after you've proven you're just picking and choosing what feels good. Would you do this for anything other than religion?
Okay yeah I don't know what your point is then
The point is, does religion have a negative impact on society? And before you say "it does a lot of good",it doesn't do anything that secular humanist organisations can't do. Like if you look at the world,do you see harm coming from religion?
Nope. I see harm coming from humanity. Caused by sin.
And yet you've already admitted there's no free will,so there's no sin either 🤷🏻‍♂️ It's been fun getting some practice in,but it's clear you don't have very much to offer in terms of actual logic or points. Imma head off,so feel free to do the "one last condescending jab" that religious folk can't help but do. It'd be a nice bit of icing on the cake. I'll leave you to it,take care
Sin with a capital S. Like inherited sin. Not like an act of sinning.
Can't leave that one dangling, gotta point out one last time,that since there is no free will,there is no sin.
We can just agree to disagree
No,we can't. You've already admitted you don't know what you're talking about, and yet you keep trying to argue a failed point. I would like to point out,that you were the one who got into this with me by giving a snarky reply to my original comment,and since then,you've failed to make a single good point. Unless you'd disagree? If so,please show which one of your points is good and explain to me my misunderstanding. Unlike what you've shown,I'm actually willing to have my mind changed if the right evidence is presented. So as per Peters 3:15,give your best reason for your faith
I was just giving my opinion. Which I am continuing to do, usually when prompted by yourself. 

My reason for faith? I'm not sure I understand the question. Can you refine the parameters?
Your reason for believing in the God of the Bible. And I don't really care too much about what you believe, as why you believe it
Because I was called to.
Now who's being vague? Define called to. Is it an audible voice? Inside or outside your head ? Or is it just more ridiculous "signs"?
It was predestined that I would.
That's not an answer, is it ? You're being purposely obtuse. How did the message come to you ?
